job experience for people who don't have job experience so they can get a job
A maid service, called "Turn Down For What?"
A privilege checking ticker for white men
app where you can change the walking speed of people in front of you
A computer virus that makes your keyboard literally just burst into flames if you type the word "millennial".
adult strollers
Guardians of the Galaxy, but with Rick and Morty also.
Men's clothing that makes one's penis size as easily discernible as women's clothing makes one's breast size.
Humans of New York, but for dogs
The ability to bcc someone when ordering a pizza
A TI-83 emulator for iOS and Android for math teachers who said that you won't be able to carry a calculator with you day-to-day.
Irrational House of Pancakes: they only serve pi.
food porn you can taste
product similar to max repel in pokemon, except it works on people
Senpai, but actually notices you.
A "gritty reboot" of Calvin and Hobbes that is actually Fight Club with Tyler replaced by a live-action tiger
Freudian autocorrect that corrects to what you were really thinking whether you want it to or not
Auto-correct, but for your life
A mass transit system that relies upon crowdsurfing
Adventure Capitalism
An app to edit Seth McFarlane out of reality
Alcoholics Anonymous, except instead of a sponsor you pick a corgi.
A Chrome/Firefox extension that makes whatever you're doing that isn't work look like an Excel spreadsheet.
Yoga pants that make your butt look amazing if you're over 18 and only so-so if you're under 18.
The 2022 World Cup, but without heatstroke and slave labor.
A math book with ALL the answers in the back and an explanation to how to get to those answers.
An app that will tell you where actor Terry Crews is and what he's doing.
An alarm clock made of Legos that, when triggered, breaks apart and will not stop ringing until you build it back together.
A clone army of Barack Obama that goes around saying "You're welcome" and gives you an American flag pin anytime someone says "Thanks Obama"
AirDND: Temporarily play someone else's character in a live role playing campaign. (inspired by previous post).
A site that lets you bid on produce, it's called Turnip for What
A trashcan that unfolds, scans, and uploads documents to the cloud when you throw them away.
Sexting, but with 3d printers.
An app that takes your pictures, and then gives you exactly 1000 words describing it.
A method by which you can be alerted several seconds in advance that your upcoming fart will be either silent or not silent.
over-the-knee socks that actually stay over your knees for more than thirty seconds
AdventurR- tinder but for people looking for others to go on the same sorts of trips/adventures.
Waiting for Guido:  Samuel Beckett's existential masterpiece Waiting for Godot but in the language of Jersey Shore
Whenever you sign up to take the GRE/LSAT/MCAT, whatever, you are secretly entered into a pool, and every year, one lucky winner gets to be an astronaut instead.
It's like tinder but for finding people in your area who want to fight.
types of toast for the other 49 states
Highlights Magazine but for adults
IT'S LIKE YOUR BLOOD BUT IT'S ALL OVER THE FLOOR IT'S CALLED DON'T YOU TOUCH MY FUCKING DAUGHTER YOU RAT BASTARD
An expensive college degree, but that actually helps you in your life.
An app that organizes your weekly tasks into witty clues, assigns them point values, places them all in spreadsheet pages, and makes your friends captains of each page.
GlauCon: It's like SantaCon, but instead everyone dresses up like Socrates and gets smashed at bars together while discussing philosophy.
An app that checks your privilege for you.
An armored battlestation the size of a small moon, with a hypermatter reactor powering a giant laser capable of destroying an entire planet, with shielded thermal exhaust ports.
tortilla tape: the original band-aid for leaking tacos, burritos, wraps, and more!
youtube, but without the comments section
app that tells me I'm pretty whenever I get a bad grade
A soundproof baby section on airplanes so I don't have to hear them crying
Guys, we just emailed the AirBNB for Dogs startup group that just gained $25 million worth of funding, proposing a sponsorship deal!
An app that recognizes if you're drunk texting and instead orders you a dominos pizza when you try to send that long-winded message to your hot TA
A theme park/nature reserve filled with dinosaurs cloned from DNA found in amber-trapped mosquitoes.
Byeble: An app on your phone that gives you an urgent call you simply must take whenever it hears a religious debate begin.
Puts Baby In Corner: a service to take crying babies out of earshot
AirDTF: like AirBNB but for people who want to fuck
Vegetables, but made out of  meat.
Little tactical concavities in your bed so when your dogs start intruding on your turf they slide into a more convenient spot and you're not relegated to a quarter of the bed by a couple tiny dogs.
Zipcat: cats when you need them
A app that creates the best walking routes to avoid catcalls and harassment -- updated in real time based on user input.
A man that cooks, cleans, and tells you you're pretty
An app that allows you to delete the new U2 album from your Apple device.
An upscale 7-11 where you can go to use your computer and also drink giant diet cokes.
A social media platform that allows you to put filters on happy content to make it depressing: Instagrim
A dating app for political science majors called Kissingr.
A service that allows tiger parents to legally adopt ivy league graduates, to give their kids legacy.
BaeBlaez  Tinder-based 420-friendly beyblading
website....for dogs
Airbnb....  For  uber
a 6D printer so you can 3D print in half the time
A service for depressed people that hires big burly folks to carry you out of bed and physically throw you outside your house.
A store where you can only buy homonyms of things. e.g. a pair of pears
A slip and slide treadmill, that you can dive in and it spins at exactly the same pace that you're sliding, so you just keep sliding forever.
An app that will listen to a song you heard on the radio, then tell you what the song is, who the artist is, and why your father doesn't love you.
Millburn, without Short Hills
Like a sex-offender tracker app, but for mariachi bands.
THEY'RE ONTO US.
A 4D printer, so you can print whatever you want from the past that doesn't exist today.
Craft gasoline
A place where you can pay to (safely & hygienically) take a nap
A wallet that vibrates when you call it.
Something that makes your blood poisonous so that any bug that tries to bite you dies a slow and painful death while you cackle
A planetarium that plays the movie Face Off 24/7
A gym that converts all the generated energy from people exercising into stored power
A device that tells you if an avocado is nice or secretly nasty on the inside before you cut it open.
Shotgun shells, but filled with bees
Finnegan's Quake: a Joyce based first person shooter.
a weekend retreat where u learn to drink like a russian who drinks alot
Smash Brothers, but with Disney characters.
A product that butters the back of your phone like toast so it always lands face-up, avoiding cracked screens.
an app that recognizes when your imposter syndrome is flaring up and props up your self-esteem
An alarm app that, if not turned off in time, reads you spoilers from your favorite movies and tv shows.
lawnmower to cut down tall grass so that you don’t run into wild pokemon
Kickstarter, except where you can donate $5 to charity to defund a project by $1.
AirBnB, but instead of paying with money, you pay with products that are cheaper to obtain in your home country
Doctors Without Diplomas: the worst international volunteer corps. (Aka Médecins Sans Licenses)
A Repunzel movie where Rapunzel has just a massive, ridiculous mullet.
A romantic comedy centered around two people who only have each other's Yo! names to communicate.
An app that automatically detects and calls out deniably passive aggressive racist comments from elderly family members so you don't have to.
Dorito fortune cookies.
Uncanny Valley Ranch dressing... Taste almost like Hidden Valley, but not quite, leaving the customer with a slightly terrifying aftertaste.
Yelp for one-night stands
A sequel to The Aristocats based on The Aristocrats
Oedipal Arrangements, for incestuous decorative fruit
A social network where all posts must be at least 30,000 words long.
Cloud storage, but for food
Scratch-and-Sniff "I Voted" stickers that smell like the candidate you voted for.
A coffee mug, with a built in mini-bic lighter-holder, and a compartment for the first(best) three cigarettes of any given day. (finished product made of ceramic, not foam, ofc)
A thing that brings you a kitten or bourbon when it senses you are full of anxiety. You don't get to pick which thing happens.
The Phantom Tollbooth, but when Officer Shrift throws Milo in prison for six million years, it turns out there isn't a way out and it's actually a prequel to Kafka's The Trial.
Dorm-style living but for working adults who can't afford high rent and the cost of furniture/effort of moving furniture.
A new season of Arrested Development, played by the cast of Community.
A love potion, except instead of making them love you, it makes you indifferent to them.
Uber, for finding people who don't have Uber that you can invite to get the $20 credit.
an app that finds the nearest source of european chocolate -- called Kindr
Tinder for bible verses: choose which ones you want to believe.
Mystery Science Theater with Tommy Wiseau, but nobody tells him that he's on the show, so we get his real, genuine reactions to watching movies with robots in a space station.
Cloud-based papacy.
A Morally Conflicted Button on facebook
50 Shades of Gray: An acrylic paint set exclusively for dogs.
An app that automatically shines a laser at anyone who goes on a "not all men" type argument
A library-bar: Drink while you study!
A vibrator that tells you you're pretty
Puppies that don't grow up
Liquid soap with aggressive foaming instead of gentle foaming.
Microchip business cards in your palm so when you shake hands all your contact info transfers
autosave on dreams, so you can pick up where you left off
An app like Tinder but exclusively for hooking up called The Meet Market.
Tinder, but for orphan adoption
Graham crackers that always snap along the dotted line
a weekly task list that asks you why you didn't get your shit done, then reaches through the screen to smack you if your excuse is lame
An app with which you can input all ingredients in your possession and it gives you a recipe
A class that teaches college professors how to use their computers and projectors.
Outdoor seats on planes!
A website where you tell it what music by white people you like, and it tells you which Black artists influenced that music so you can listen to them instead.
A shower that offers life advice and intervention based on substances washed off of you and frequency of use.
It's like a dog But it's got human hands  It doesn't have a name
iPhone cases that attract animals attention so your pets are always looking into the camera
a service that allows you to play with a teacup pig for an hour when you're sad
The Spice Girls do a reunion tour and add a new member that wears leggings and Ugg boots with a North Face jacket named Pumpkin Spice
Homework that talks you through the problem after three attempts
Mixr: Input the ingredients you have in your kitchen and it gives you back the number for a local Domino's.
Presidential debates, but instead of debating issues currently affecting the United States they have a no-holds-barred steel cage wrestling match, called "liberty and justice for brawl"
A mariachi band that plays nothing but the Katamari Damacy theme, 24/7.
shazam for cheese
Les Gymiserables: the world's first gym to play exclusively showtunes over its speakers.
Breasts that retain water for everyday use.
Photographs that prevent fruits from aging by instead aging themselves: the pictures of Durian Grey.
Treadmills that every now and then allow you to catch up and get to the front of it, where there's a robot that you can high five and it'll go "My man!"
A BDSM escort ring, disguised as a pizza delivery service: Domin'oes.
Porn sites that passively aggressively judge your video choices
A dupermarket next to every supermarket
A service that physically removes people from your presence when you don't have the mental fortitude to debate with them.
a pillow that stays cool forever and ever
An unbiased justice system, for dogs
Iphones.... that can BEND
Pls rate my smartwatch concept
An app that can verify whether people on the internet did, in fact, fuck ur mom
A Magic School Bus that doesn't disprove everything we know to be true about science in order to give Ms. Frizzle's class a closer look into the workings of science.
Humblr: every time you achieve something, it locates everyone within ten miles of you who did it better
Feminism, but for the predominantly white male portion of the internet that hates it;  also for dogs.
Roomba that detects when a houseguest is outstaying their welcome and insistently runs in to their ankles.
Happy hour, but with caffeine in the place of alcohol.  (This is where you tell me it already exists and I die in a pile of happiness.)
Tinder without pictures, Gamblr.
scratch and sniff business cards.
Omega fish to improve your beta fish's self esteem.
A GPS in Benedict Cumberbatch's voice.
The HvZ Teleporter: A machine that will transport me to UChicago tonight so that I can shoot nerds with Nerf Guns for the next week or so.
Software that removes all the "Ice Bucket Challenge"s from my news feed
"No Shave November," but all winter, all the time, whenever you want -for women.
A kosher sushi bar called Jewshi
A service that automatically posts the tl;dr of clickbait articles/videos so you can satisfy your curiosity without giving up your self-respect.
An app that changes all mentions of "wasps" to "WASPs"
Dressage but with computer chairs instead of horses.
Tinder but for other adults who would play with a remote control helicopter on my apartment's roof.
TV adaptations of the rest of the Redwall books.
A compound German word to describe the joy and fortune experienced by one walking around NYC who desperately needs to shit and discovers a starbucks with no line for the bathroom.
A glory hole, but with churros.
Uber but the drivers are all dads.
OkCauchy, a dating site for mathematicians.
mason jar shot glasses, complete with tiny lids and tiny smug sense of superiority
a pizza crawl, like a pub crawl, but pizzerias instead of bars.
Aristochat: For the 1% who don't want to bother with social media platforms that the 99% use.
An online third person shooter with the movement frustration elements of QWOP.
A lapel pin that everyone has to wear that vibrates softly when you start to tell a story you've previously told the person you're talking to.
a flash tattoo that also detects pH so it can tell you how basic you are when you put it on
A person who sits beside your bed at night, listening to your mutterings, and pieces it together into a story for you to read on your lunch break the next day.
Like WebMD, but doesn't tell me I have cancer no matter what I search.
A Chopped style cooking show, but the judges are baked out of their minds
Cougr: an app that allows you to locate both cougars and older women looking for sex. But doesn't tell you which you're getting.
tinder for unmatched socks
app that optimizes your spooning positions (or temporarily removes your one arm)
new goth dating website called Misery Loves Co.
the world, but slightly different
SlideMaster: with the click of a button you can temporarily turn any staircase into a slide.
Lil B opening up a bakery called "Based Goods".
College, but where you learn things.
Gulp: Yelp, but for haunted places and you can rate the ghosts
An app that tells you the most humanly possible time you can procrastinate on something before it is impossible to finish the assignment at or above a certain letter grade.
Worms With Friends -- I know it's a pun but I seriously want to be able to play Worms Armageddon on the go with friends who are also on the go.
A Parks and Rec movie where nuclear apocalypse happens and the parks department is all that survives of Pawnee's government.
start up pitches which simultaneously are really good haikus
Fedoras, but for men who don't hate women
Yoga pants, but with Hot Pockets.
Scandals that aren't referred to as ______gate
An app that locates the nearest petable cat or dog
Tinder but for fighting people
Now That's What I Call One Sentence Startup Pitches!  a compilation of the best posts from this group
A way to be the big spoon without losing circulation to your arm.
you take a picture of a dollar bill and an app tells you WHY THE VENDING MACHINE WON'T FUCKING TAKE IT
A Michelin Star restaurant that only plays a live string quartet tribute to Fall Out Boy as background music.
Gifs on tombstones
A light for under your desk so that you can find the shoes you kicked off without turning on your phone's flashlight like some sort of asshole desk spelunker.
A dystopian, post-apocalyptic-themed TV series set after the current ebola epidemic where nothing has actually changed much but everyone overstates how difficult life has become.
A wizarding school that doesn't have a house just for evil people to network.
A way to turn vibrate mode off for California
Comfy chips, so you can eat in bed and then sleep on the crumbs afterwards no problem.
Batman The Ride at Six Flags but you stop to brood at the top for an hour and then at the end it turns out the entire ride was a trip to Crime Alley to visit where your parents died.
Thought Catalog, but with thought.
LinkedIn for gang members.
Overheard during Cards Against Humanity.
Guacamole that isn't extra
a program that blocks buzzfeed articles from your newsfeed
Contacts but they disintegrate when you're ready for bed.   Or   Glasses but they disintegrate when you want to roll over and sleep with Netflix.
Falafel waffles.  Fawaffles.
a center for ants
A three strikes system in your car, that, after failing to use your turn signals for the third time in 24 hours, releases the past week of your browsing history to everyone in a 10 mile radius.
Twitch does your taxes
Thank you to everyone who participated in OSSP 3000, the first startup incubation brainstorming session to suggest Lean Startup ideas for the FAR FUTURE.
a loving family
An app that uses the camera to scan apples at the grocery store and tells you which ones are mealy and gross  Also good for avocados at incorrect ripeness
A service that automatically deletes your facebook statuses after a day if they don't get enough likes
A keyboard that lets you type when you have boxing gloves on
Curry in a Hurry, a drive-thru Indian restaurant
Pretty Fly for a White Guy - an airline just for attractive white men.
Swiftdate.com A website for men who want to date taylor swift and then be dumped swiftly.
a dating service that matches people with complicated last names to people with simple last names
An app that lets you know when it's appropriate to catcall at a woman on the street.
Touch screen teletubbie pajamas
A drug that gives me the motivation to read the 20-something books I've been meaning to read for the past 6 years.
a photo filter that turns any image into a painting in the style of george w bush
An app that notifies you when someone else with the app is nearby and notifies them too and gives you a picture of the other person and then you go and give a wicked high five to a stranger.
I want to have Microsoft Word as a chrome tab!
An app that specifically prevents the autocorrection of 'yo' to 'to.'
A collar that turns a dog into a wi-fi hotspot
The Wire Season 5, where it pretends to be a police procedural, but actually it's about ethics in video game journalism.
Luggage that turns into a scooter, so you make it to your terminal on time.
Like a candy necklace, but CHEESE.
SNAPCAT (meow)
A support group for people who lose at smash bros
A Jewish, Middle Eastern version of Jesus
Tectonic plates, but rearranged so Florida slowly sinks off into the sea.
service to bury or burn all irl & digital traces of your exes
Cards for humanity, a playing cards manufacturer that donates its proceeds to charity.
A shirt that you can draw or write on that comes out in the next wash completely so you can have a relevant thing on your shirt for every occasion.
dating website + grubhub that lets you order food for the person you like
Cat, but without his butthole in my face.
http://www.theonion.com/articles/popular-new-exercise-app-just-tells-users-they-ran,37096/  The Onion keeps beating us to the punch.
BaeBlades: A new app that allows you to find other hot beybladers in your areas to meet up, have a good time, and LET IT RIP
A game like Pokemon Snap but for taking real photos of your pets and if they're really good you can share them with your friends and at the end Professor Oak tells you good job.
Web app that automatically re-inserts missing vowels into start-up names
Two Night Stands
NakedAir -- skip the security lines.
Shag carpeting that grows organically like a Chia Pet.
Elevator chin-up bars so people with bad knees can still get a workout while skipping the stairs.
Nutella, but without the nutrition facts.
An app that tells you where and when free food is being served in your area: Moochr
Chowdr: an app for soups to hook up. Guaranteed to get you to 3rd bouillabaisse. Great for the bisque-curious.
AskRafiki: Like Yahoo! Answers, but in the end you realize the answer was inside you all along.
The New Smartwatch™ now with added features
Chicken flavoured lollipops: Cocksuckers
App that tells you whether or not the NYT article you're about to click is worth using one of your 10 free articles per month for
Facebook suggesting "People who actually would love to hear from you" when you feel shitty.
Porn, but all participants narrate with elaborate extended metaphors.
An app that tells you which celebrity died the day your pet was born, so you know which famous ghoul is inhabiting it.
Kanye West performing the Pokemon theme song
headphones that let you know when someone is talking to you
Country, but for Old Men
menstruation for men.
The Invisible Hand: an Econ themed porno set at the University of Chicago
A startup culture where men have to act feminine to succeed in their jobs
Chipotle, but pro-GMOs
A hookup app for chickens: tender
Taco Bell teams up with Apple to release the new iPhone 6+ Taco.
Balls and a spine, but for Sony.
Dogs for porn, a service that rents out dogs to stand confused and nonplussed in the background of low budget pornography
Someone who comes to your house and breaks all of your pots looking for rupees
a dog
Rent a Beard
trail mix, but without the fruit and nuts and things that aren't m&ms.
a pregnancy test app where you pee on your phone
America, without the south
An app where you enter your stats and it tells you which animals you could beat in a fight.
Live action Rick and Morty with Bill Murray and Michael Cera.
Drones that drop knowledge instead of bombs.
Lubrication that turns a different color when it comes into contact with STDs
Anacondr: Tinder, but for butts - "nope" would be replaced by "my anaconda don't", and "like" would be replaced by "you got buns, hun".
An app that connects people who don't eat their pizza crusts with people who will totally eat that crust.
An app that gives me a job.
A plug-in that removes politically-motivated posts from my facebook newsfeed
An air freshener that makes everything smell like new book.
Lawyers, for bees!
24/7 chipoltle
a service that suppresses your emotions so you don't have to worry about feelings
An Apple unveil, except everything is pitched by Q from James Bond.
How the grinch stole 4/20
Snapplechat - An app to send pictures of snapple facts to friends
An International House of Pancakes that does not recognize trade sanctions against Iran.
Drug enforcement that doesn't disproportionately target minorities
Words Without Friends:a Scrabble app for the antisocial
Bananas in other shapes
Whober: a transportation app where Dr. Who picks you up at your location, takes you on a wild adventure through time and space, and then leaves you at your destination.
Free speech, but only for the right people.
A bath that hugs you.
The Republican Party unveils a new breed of president for today's changing world: George SJW Bush
One sentence startup pitches, but not depressing
a bed that you set the alarm in and when it goes off, the bed slowly tips you out and then stays upright for an hour, so you're forced out of bed and don't go back to sleep
Tinder, except for Republicans- "binders full of women"
A way to identify your user permissions for Eastern European Computers: Czech Your Privilege.
Standardized testing for Congresspeople.
Tinder but for people that want to fight
A chrome extension that lets you list shows you're watching, and it hides all spoilers for those shows on the page you're on.
Sherlock, but starring Nicolas Cage
another boat we missed
A New Rule that prohibits creationists from getting post 1950's antibiotics, because hey, the bacteria never evolved so the old stuff should work well.
A tiny umbrella for your smartphone!
a potato that fufills ur every need including romantic gastroenterological and meteorological it is the best potato. it is the only potato.
A sufficient number of cooks.
[uchicago] An app that's like "Yo!" but it says "Bart Mart?"
Pizza delivery that has a tracking number so you know where your pizza is in real time
Tindr, but only matches you to Vladimir Putin.
Like th uk but without Scotland
A notification on facebook that shows up next to someone's name when it's their birthday that tells you if they wrote on your wall for your birthday
An nfl with morally conscious players
Existing, but not pointless.
An OkCupid plugin that tells you when you're talking to a juggalo.
An app that reminds you when you enter a city where you have warrants.
CUDDLR IS REAL.
Clothing for women, but with pockets.
A gritty starfox sequel that opens with an unappreciated, PTSD plagued, drugged up fox rampaging through corneria city, kicking shit apart with his robot legs.
A Court System that isnt fucked up
A clap on, clap off app for your phone, so you can lock it when someone is about to stumble upon something you don't want them to see.
Bananas that ripen at staggered rates on bunches, so that they can be eaten throughout the week.
a feature that allows your computer to turn itself off after spending too much time arguing with people on the internet in the comments section
Cool Freaks JSTOR club.
Shakespeare themed porn.
An app that turns "for dogs" posts into something clever and funny
Modest mouse dubstep remixes: Modestmau5
Howl's Moving Bouncy Castle
farmville, but with gentrification
a group of superheros comprising only MtF trans* members called the Ex-Men
A cat named peeve so you can introduce your cat with "this is my pet peeve"
A burrito filled with fried dumplings
Startup For What: Lil Jon consults with you about your business plan
An app where you make a (prioritized) list of movies you want to see and it finds people near you who want to see the same movies.
A perfume that smells like electricity, called "Elon's Musk."
Air conditioning, but for my apartment.
eBay for your social life. Your friends bid on your time, and you hang out with the most interesting one.
Market regular corn to hipsters by calling it "maize."
Darren Wilson's indictment
an erotic blogging platform - cumblr
Like Tinder, but for black market organ donors. "it's a match!"
It's an energy drink AND a body spray.
THESE GUYS ARE DOING IT RIGHT
Google translate for coding languages
Since a universe exists for every possibility, we build a portal to the one where everyone is Snoop Dog
Rebecca Black Eyed Peas
A wristwatch that checks ur BAC letting you know when ur close to passing out/dieing
An app for people who just can't even to make them even.
Hand heater app: just attacks your phone's CPU and makes it really hot
super smash bros with every pokemon as a playable character
A support group for people who got banned from "Serious One Sentence Startup Pitches"
Big Bang Theory, but actually borderline tolerable.
A pool where you can literally fish for compliments
A popup that asks, "are you sure?" before posting a selfie
an FDA-style organization, made entirely of uncles, to be a regulatory body telling you when a restaurant's spicy option isn't even spicy at all.
a concert venue where the rows are arranged by height so that everyone can see the stage
Love in the Time of Ebola
An app that you can use to find local people who want to randomly fight.
Like Uber, but for hiring rickshaws in South Asia. I'm calling it Hindigogo.
board game rental delivery service
The Land Before Crime: a much-needed gritty reboot featuring Littlefoot, P.I
Pumpkin Spice flavored condoms.
An app that slowly lowers the height of your ceiling (which is covered in poison-tipped spears) until you stop procrastinating
snap chat except with smells
TInder, but for Dads, and when you swipe, you have to exchange dad jokes.
A service that automatically photoshops all pictures of you and your ex to be of ones of you with Bill Murray.
A service where Gwen Stefani comes into Elementary Schools and teaches them how to spell the names of different kinds of fruit
A horse rental service for renting horses that you can ride into your office on your first day of work so everyone knows who the new hotshot is.
airbnb for airbnb  http://canistaywithyouwhileirentmyplaceonairbnb.com/
GamerDate: A website for people upset about ethics in video game journalism to find that special someone.
Natural pockets grafted onto your hips, so you can put your hands in them and look really laid back when naked.
A cat that has a larger body, a longer tail, a better sense of smell, likes being around people, can play fetch and barks
A pill temporarily freeing you of all sexual urges.
NYC gay bar on Wall Street: New York Cock Exchange
the 2016 Presidential election, only Twitch is the electoral college
Life, but with meaning.
A wiki for Turntabling - the Wiki-wiki Wiki.
A law firm to which I can send Snapchats of my various activities with the caption, "Is this legal?" and from whom I can receive legal advice.
Too Many Cooks: as a result of an accident at Apple HQ, there are now multiple Tim Cooks running around Cupertino while the real Tim Cook tries to prove his identity.
A dating app that lets who see who in your immediate area would definitely not date you.
A Chrome extension that replaces every instance of "girlfriend" with "Garfield".
Tinder but for meeting people to tutor you.  Tutr
An app that tells you if you should expect the Spanish Inquisition.
the ability to like someone's like on fb
dubstep in braille
Body builder delivery service: where brawny men carry you home for the price of a cab.
A Tinder-meets-Words with Friends. The name?  Words with Friends with Benefits
It's Chipotle, but cheaper
A person who, when a customer is being rude to a cashier or waiter, is paid to sneak up behind the offending patron, and start tickling them.
America, but not racially biased so severely as to cause the death of numerous black people without legal justice.
A dinosaur park where maybe they just don't clone all the dangerous man-eating ones.
Like AirBNB, but for adorably sassy pets trying to make their way across the country to get back to their families.
Cougr: Like tinder, but only for women above 40 and men below 30.
Two Chainz, but with Three
Device that detects when someone is about to say a variation of "I'm not racist but-" and immediately plays a sad trombone noise at a deafening volume.
A science textbook, written in the style of the bible.
Problems solved through Super Smash Bros
Slutty armor for all genders. I want fancy codpieces, dammit.
weed infused condoms
A movie in which Pinocchio discovers his natural gift of foresight and begins to predict future world events and natural disasters.  Nosetradamus
An app that posts pictures of you in junior high to your social media accounts every day you don't exercise.
Green octagonal road signs that say "GO".
College, but you don't end up drowning in debt afterwords
An app that tells you what is on the complete opposite side of the world from where you're standing
Pant. It's just one pant leg that you can mix and match with other pant legs to make Pants.
To 360-NoScope a Mockingbird
Sisyphr: A button that assigns you a random task to complete, and after its completion you receive fulfillment points. People compare scores to see who is the most existentially fulfilled.
The hunger games, except it's actually a show on food network where the chefs have like 5 days to make a dish for a panel of judges while also trying to kill each other.
Floors that automatically adapt their coefficient of friction so that no matter what you're wearing you still have the sliding freedom of socks on hardwood floors.
A typing game for kids where you just type "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" over and over again.
an app exactly like Tinder, except it also tells you when you both "no'd" each other.
+1 Industries: bringing you 6-Hour Energy, 8 Up, Six Guys, Pepsi Two, Coke One, etc.
facebook blocking but for real life
a low-cost NGO called Doctors Without Licenses
Rent-a-Baby: For couples seeing if they'd make good parents or for people who just like to chill with babies.
y ware normal shirt if ur a gerbil when u can get gerbil teez from gerbilteez.biz yur place 4 all tees gerbil
WikiLeeks: top-secret vegetables that the government doesn't want you to know about.
Sleeping bags that slowly digest your comfortable friends so you can pilfer their nutrients
Gradient brake lights, so that I can know if you're casually coming to a stop, or putting your foot through the floorboards in attempt to avoid a small child crossing the road in front of you.
An ex-girlfriend that doesn't steal your flannels.
A shower that screams if you pee in it.
A Pokemon themed brewery where you can get beer in Growlithes instead of growlers.
"Pennies for your thoughts" a system that rewards you with a penny for every thought you have.
Tinder for people that want to smoke weed.