An app that generates random plausible but ultimately pointless apps
yik yak for dogs: yip yap
Guitar strings that actually make you better.
dehydrated party, just add water
Men II Wolvz: The 30-Rock inspired follow up to the boy band Boyz II Men
phone chargers on the subway
Facebook, without politics
Coed porn, but the material referenced in the classroom is at the college level.
An MMORPG based off "The Oregon Trail" computer game.
A campaign to bring back Pluto, and keep it as a second Moon.
Where in the World is Kim-Jung Un?
A Super Mario Brothers movie from the point of view of a goomba.
Restore-o spray. Spray on literally anything to restore it back to the way it looked when you bought it.
real deep conversations in exchange for money
The theme to 'The A-Team' playing at all times to make whatever you're doing seem exciting and worthwhile.
Killstreak program for serial killers
A running music program that looks at which songs you skip, which ones you listen to, and which ones have you run fastest, and puts together a playlist for maximum speed
Federal observance of Animal Crossing Holidays.
Fedoralism: a religion both for those who believe in a strong central authority, necks with beards, or also need a hat.
4D printers
Pandora but for food (e.g. Foods like Mexican: Peruvian, Foods like Indian: Turkish).
Persn: Like people, but you can turn them off.
Bettr: an app that algorithmically determines the least useful citizen of the united states, and then pipes a physically painful noise into your ear until they are dead.
An articulator: you mentate really hard and then a brain scan takes your thought and turns it into a really good quotable sentence that could inspire millions. It would make us all better basicalyl
"it's like tinder but for people who want to fight"  -Anon
VoyeurBlr: tumblr but only of your neighbors private business
Canada Dry ginger ale that is actually dry instead of wet
Personal chefs as a service: rent a personal chef for a few hours at a time w/out a commitment.
Taste receptors for your genitalia.
A pub where you go during an emergency, have a pint, and wait for it to blow over.
Confidence, but for people who need it.
Turtle soup, but made of Mitch McConnell.
A liberal arts college that lets you pay half-tuition and do your four-year degree over 8 years, taking just 2 classes a semester, on the side while you work a normal job.
Yotatoes: Yo, but for potatoes; send contextual potato notifications
Mike Fuckabee's 2016 campaign
Like Tron but with with K-Pop
Microwaves, without the annoying fucking beeping at the end.
a sandwich, but instead of bread, slices of (fried?) cheese.
sexism, for hermaphrodites in wheelchairs
Bagels that have the cream cheese already on them.
An app that detects how awe-inspiring and wonderful a given environment is, and if it passes a certain threshold, starts playing the Jurassic Park theme.
coffee breaks, but with alcohol instead of caffeine
A poke bot that passes the Turing test.
A rewards system for doing schoolwork that convinces me I don't want ice cream every time I succeed
An Internet politicians can understand.
A bra that takes itself off when you depantsed and bedded but forgot to debra
Spinstr: An app for all the single ladies
a drone that fires missiles at bronies
Diet water
Uber for Tinder users. Post-tryst/date taxi service.
The iCondom. A sleek design that allows you to access your music and talk to friends all the while having sex.  The only Apple product that's supposed to bend.
Snuglr: Linking Snuggly folks instantly with Cuddly Folks.
Snapcat.  It's a one word sentence but I think it speaks for itself.
Humans of Suburbia -- A blog that posts insights and stories of overwhelmingly mediocre middle class Americans.
Super Smash Cousins: Super Smash Bros, except the roster is made up of each current fighter's cousin.
White adhesive sticky stripes you can add to your cheap two stripe sweatpants to make them adidas.
Tinder for eunuchs.
Squid pro quo.
Lintlickers - tiny robots that lick lint off of your body at night.
a club where people fight
Chicken souls, for the soup.
lizard cafe: it's like a cat cafe but it's just a Starbucks filled with 600 lizards
those kiddie leashes they put on toddlers but for dogs
A way to learn Nicholas Cage's secrets
"I can't believe it's not butter" that is actually butter
Twitch Plays Predator Drone
A transport service that only plays the crazy taxi soundtrack on the radio
"Home Improvement" type show but for college dorms.
Dog parks for non-dog-owners.
An app that replaces explicit song lyrics with meows
food trucks, but for medical care.
InstaFrat: An app that provides the screams of frat guys, such as "CHUG!" and "TURN UP!" when it senses that you're drinking too much for the occasion you're attending.
An app that records your brilliant drunk ideas and the logic behind them and then reaffirms that they're still brilliant in the morning
A Christian gospel-themed donut shop called Glory Holes.
Buzzfeed: A handy tool for forcefeeding live wasps to your enemies.
Book recommendations based on your Netflix history.
UChicago-themed fb stickers.
Retractable leashes for children.
Developers,  Developers,  Developers, Developers,  Developers, Developers.
A pill that gives your poop a custom, fruity scent, such as mint, raspberry or lime.
A drug dealer who's not sure what drugs are. Tries to sell motrin and advil around elementary schools. Gets busted for Tums possession.
Vasalgel is up on their game.
A quadrocoptor smartphone that detects when you're asleep and, if you're asleep and it isn't charging, flies to your charger and plugs itself in.
"barkin n' eggs" a school that teachs your dog how to cook breakfast
a device to suck the farts out of seats at movie theatres
stop signs, but with feelings
lil b rawest rapper alive
Fallen Heroes: A government-funded, free LifeAlert style service for veterans.
Bottled vintage air: "Breathe history."
A group where I can piss people off by reminding them of the game more than once.
A snack-sized salad that fits in your pocket and stays crispy all day long
sue people for stealing your one sentence startup idea, then use it as funding cash for your business
Ello, but usable
Three-sided paper
Subscription based service to tell you when some asshole has stolen your one sentence startup pitch and sneakily built a profitable business around it without you noticing.
Professional code reviews - submit your code and an expert in the field reviews your code and informs you on how you can bring it up to higher standards/make it cleaner
like bread, but flat and with tomato sauce on it and also cheese on top, and then you bake it in an oven
An amusment park based off of King of the Hill.
Free money
Cacoughony - crowd-sourced medical diagnoses
A dating app where you go on a date and get comments from the internet community on what to do in real-time.
A way to differentiate website designers from people who put "HTML/CSS" on their resume because they know how to add a link
pens that scream so you can always find them
A chicken strip club.
Calendar that predicts what year senpai will finally notice you.
Scalable collaborative workspaces for specialized synergistic enterprise application metrics optimization
It has to already exist but, marijuana sauce in a squeeze bottle
A truck with a burger cannon that shoots burgers into my lap.
Textbooks that buy themselves
Real-life Adblock for stupid people instead of ads
app that plays '[AOL voice] goodbye' at the push of a button and we've all agreed this is an acceptable way to end relationships and friendships
Uninterest: Anonymously reply to your friends' Facebooks posts telling them no one gives a shit.
A plane where republicans have to sit on the far left. Left winged republicans.
Hoarding School: an elite institution where hoarders hoard and live together in order to study the profession of hoarding at a higher level*
ted talks except only people named theodore are allowed to present
A Yelp for public restrooms
An app that removes all the vowels from your sentencs t mk thm mre hp nd wb 2.0
Foam mosh pit battle armor
A device that summons Al Pacino to argue on your behalf in any scenario. Add-ons include Motivational Pacino and Charming pacino
Freaky Friday but it's Pitbull and Vin Diesel
a messaging app that only lets you communicate in dick pics.
Reverse trick-or-treating where everyone knocks on my door and gives me candy.
Blood, for the Blood God
An implantable pump that releases beta-blockers and minor tranquilisers into the bloodstream when getting flashbacks of a traumatic event.
Mega Man Battle Network: The Opera
Lionel Pepsi: companies paying soccer players to change their names
Sex, but with multiple people.
A service that crashes an arctic sea ice breaker ship through a wall whenever you need an icebreaker. Great for first dates, college orientations, and company mandated team building activities.
A SIRI alternative with the voice and perpetually sarcastic tone of the computer from Courage The Cowardly Dog
A router that makes you hack it, Megaman Battle Network style, in order to reset it.
App that analyses the music currently playing in public and then downloads Smash Mouth's All Star instead of telling you what it is.
A sports bar like Hooters but called Twin Peaks
from the makers of 5-hour Energy:  8-hour Blackout, to really get people through the work day..
An app that helps us better serve the whims of our Reptilian overlords.
We dropped the ball
A giant sickle wheel, made of clowns, reaping the cities of man.
Chainsaws, but for kids.
Companies who are looking for a brand name tell us in one sentence what they do, and then we pitch the idea to this group and charge $600/hr for the "market research analysis."
An app that automatically produces anagrams of "potato"
Bumblr: an app for bees to meet bees. Alexandra Dumezich.
Aloha Sapphire: Alpha Sapphire, but set in Hawaii so that Ludicolo and Tropius make actual sense.
An app that auto-shuts-down your brain when you listen to Nicky Dover (e.g.: Crazy Stallion isn't so bad.)
Über for helicopters
Some sort of a visual device to see if the person one is talking is willing to fuck.
A Nobel Prize for Best Soup
LinkedInPark, a rage-oriented social networking service that's a great way for adolescents to get their name as well as deep, emotional scars out there.
A TV channel that is just Nick Offerman giggling.
The show Full House, except Joey is played by a live, 900 pound grizzly bear
Pre-blessed food so you don't have to say grace at mealtimes.
app that measures relationship strength in (heart)beats per minute
Dating site for convicted felons
pubic hair accessories
A superhero movie starring Stan Lee, where all the other stars of Marvel movies make cameos.
The Antitanic: a ship designed to sink, but stays afloat for multiple decades.
An app that sends you push notifications and/or deletes phone numbers of former sex partners when they enter relationships depending on how serious the relationship is
google glass for horses
Inverse game of thrones, where every character that has died so far meet in the afterlife, and have adventures there.
Like ignition but not remixed
Dog dating service: Gettin Bitches. For dogs
A pepper spray called "shut the fuck up." Available to the black female community ONLY.
Zero-sentence startup pitches
An app that fills your Facebook NewsFeed with one sentence startup pitches.
Smart razor that beeps when you've missed a spot
Cool uncle with good advice to help you get into legit music before your peers- the perfect gift for the 8 year old with parents whose favorite band is Bush, Maroon 5 or Phish.
A mask removal service, called FaceOff.
Grindr: but for coffee.
Sky Mallshals - Undercover agents who fly on planes, attempting to convince you to make horrible purchases from Sky Mall.
A physical Pokemon Pinball machine.
'Hey! Get Out Of McDonalds': the app that lets you know when you're in McDonalds and tells you to get the hell out of there.
an app that lets you videochat with someone fashionable to find out whether you look okay
Black Santa
App that reminds you the burrito you just ate wasn't actually the best burrito ever created you're just deathly drunk. Also app that reminds you of the struggle
The most iconic transportation hub in all of New York City: The Port Authority Bus Terminal
One sentence startup pooches: This group, but for dogs
Coat hooks for emotions
Vampire diaries: diaries that require a drop of your blood to enter as a security system
A money laundering scheme that is really a front for a legitimate Persian rug shop.
Loving Fathr - an app that randomly alerts you that you'll never amount to anything and that you're a huge disappointment to your mother.
WE GOT SCOOPED AGAIN. Bullet proof vests...for dogs...FOR CHARITY.
Flavored T-shirts for kids that like to bite on their T-shirts lol
A franchise tropical-theme gay bar called "The Mangrove."
College without the finals.
A USB-powered microthin fiber optic cable for rectal exams and colonoscopies that displays results in realtime on your computer, like some kind of desk asshole spelunker.
Uber, but for spaceships
luber - bidding system between lyft and uber drivers helping both companies stay competitive on pricing while smoothing out operations.
This group, but with 4000 members.
Longterm tracking devices on all U.S. military weapons that tally every time one of our soldiers is shot by a gun we gave the other guys.
Waiting For Godot: The Role-Playing Game
Cloud Based God: Cloud-based Based God music and lyric repository, accessed only via rain droplets from clouds
Portable ashtray in a pocket of any size!
Football association, without the women beating
And why didn't WE think of this! ?
Fucksimilie generates the fake orgasm noise perfectly suited to your situation.
Canned bread.
Detachable/re-attachable shower controls, so that you can know what the hell you're doing when you take a shower at your friend's place.
An app which helps you go through breakup  Breakapp
An app that gives you points if your OSSP submission is liberal and uncontroversial enough, with bonus points if it's a repost, and scalar points for how many likes it gets.  EchoChambr
Viral Blocker: A chrome extension that blocks any and all trending news and top 10 lists from your news feed.
An app for Google Glass that draws family trees for the rich people as they appear in Russian novels and/or Downton Abbey
SSB with the option of playing Social Justice Wario.  (Just use your imaginations...)
A Facebook add-on that allows you to breach the subject of controversial issues in your statuses, but requires said status and all the subsequent comments to be in the form of battle raps.
A person whose job it is to give patsdowns and ensure that no clickable pens enter meeting rooms
Kanye-brand cheesy pasta: Yeezy Mac
Twitter but only with 1 character allowed
Stan Lee camoes in non-Marvel films
An inflatable Mr. Feeny who is there for you, who will always be there for you, and who will give you wise advice when you need it most.
A bird that's like a penguin but it's mauve
A refund of five cents for every time in your life you've been subjected to a song from a certain cliché Canadian band
Pitchr: An app that scans your One Sentence Startup pitches, and penalizes you when you pitch something stupid, sexist, or already pitched.
Sex offender registries but for clowns.
A helmet that allows you to lucid dream about Jake Gyllenhaal.
Smezam: App that when used tells you the origin of a the food that is making the air wonderful so you know where to get that food.
A TL;DR section for the comments of each OSSP.
An app that keeps the weather under 80°F and the wind at a moderate 7 mph at all times during the summer, spring, and fall and above 30°F during the winter.
Lettr: Adds the letter "E" to apps where it was removed to sound trendy.
Eyeglasses, with mini windshield wipers and defrosters.
A site like Kayak that lets you plan out a date, by inputting possible foods, transport, gifts, activities, etc... and tells you the most economical (but not in like a cheap or stingy way) date plan.
An app that posts fake gps stuff to your runkeeper so your friends don't think you're such a lazy piece of crap.
Like Twitch Plays Pokemon, but for line-item editing of Congressional bills relating to campaign donation reform.
Like Uber, but for trains.
NickelBack: An app that finds you coupons that will save you 5 cents or more
a video game that revolves around open dialogue and successfully reading facial expressions to "win"
Jewish mothering as a service.
beer
net neutrality for dogs
Dragonball-Histor-Z: A series of talks that translate different historical eras into Saturday Morning Cartoon format.
Video games done in the Paper Mario aesthetic.
Using the threats of hacks to get movie studios to bow to your whims and get Season Two of Firefly
overheard but not moderated by a tool
A thing that will make you love me.
"Hi horny, I'm dad!"- Grindr for Dads
News app that aggregates articles from all sources while also giving you statistics on their corporate holdings and lobbying investments general history of previous slant on the subject
A bird collar that converts its tweets into actual bird tweets
Space Camp for adults
an app that slaps you back to reality when you're acting a fool
Paradigm Shift - app that allows you check off items from a list of Commonly Held Beliefs - returns a list of books that will challenge each belief.
Shazam but for coffee shops, tells you the name of whatever obscure coffee shop that you're in and what breed of hipster inhabits it.
seinfeld: the anime
Bacon hummus
an uber extension that 3d prints a car and a driver for you
Turturkey:  a turkey stuffed with another turkey.
Uber but for walking
A birthday cake candle app that keeps relighting until you pour water on your phone
Speak 'n' Say: a Fisher Price-style children's toy with which you can have a Socratic dialogue
Chicken soup for the ego.
The Navy Seal Copypasta, but in real life and happening to ISIS.
HalfLife 3.
CHRISTMAS, BUT WITHOUT HAVING TO EAT YOUR DOG TO SURVIVE IN THE COLD.
Waterproof yamacas Otterboxes for DSLR cameras
If your truluv match isn't perfect we drill holes in your brains until it is
Twitter, for people who hate Twitter
Like an Android user, but less salty about iPhone users
I propose we change the word "crust" to "pie handle" when referring to pizza or dessert pies.
An anal sex ambassador who successfully pitches the idea to your girlfriend when she's not feeling down with it.
An app that instantly shames you for sharing buzzfeed articles
Risktego, Risk but for every battle instead of rolling dice you play a game of Stratego.
Triple sided tape
WebMD House edition: It always diagnoses lupus, but it never is lupus
AirPVP: Lists people willing to fight you.
A bot that hangs, folds, and puts away your laundry
An app that tells you when to stop applauding
ProCon: A convention for positives and negatives
Floorless airplanes, so you can enjoy the exhilarating feeling of being one piece of fabric away from involuntary skydiving.
American ninja warrior for nerds (mental tasks instead of physical ones)
Business cards that just say "You're a monster." to hand out to people sitting in an inappropriate manner on the subway.
a box with a cat in it that might be dead
The cure to AIDS.
Spotted in LA....we missed the boat again
Adult orphanages
Pumpkin spice cigarettes
murdr: what your mom thinks tinder is
THEY GOT US AGAIN
A program that converts young men with cowlicks to religions that require a hat.
A hookup app only for trans guys who like trans guys. Bindr.
Turning tears to alcohol.
A notification when someone screen shots your Facebook pictures so you know who your creepo stalkers are.
gentlemen, imagine fruit so pliable and elastic it can be packaged in an aerosol spray can
Google Maps but with customization tools so you can rearrange the world any way you please.
Drunk history but star wars edition
twitter but with a 500 character minimum
An app that says random 2 Chainz lines
Chick-fil-A, served on Sundays and without hate.
Taylor Swiftboat Veterans for Truth
Downloadable RAM
yarmulkes for tortoises
Clothing with extra material in the wear-prone areas
1D porn. And I don't mean One Direction porn.
An anarchist themed chicken sandwich restaurant called Chick-fil-Anarchy with the motto "No gods, no kings, only chicken".
Thrustor: an elevator that moves horizontally between close buildings.
Scav, but as a full time job and a possible career path.
An app to make sure there are just the right amount of cooks
An app that turns every app into an app for dogs, just so people can stop adding "for dogs"
A portable box with Morgan Freeman'svoice that explains things to you
Rent-A-Rim: Rentable rims for your Escapade when you need to impress just once.
Dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS For dogs
Novelizations of hit films. like fight club
a bar for millennials where you have twitter-type character limits for the number of words you are allowed to say.
Facebook, but without pictures.
Social Justice League
Math, but taught to you by Carl Sagan
A body spray that makes sure no sea life touches or even nears you when you are swimming in a large body of water.
a crossfit gym where no one is allowed to talk about crossfit
Guinea pig condoms.
Chipotle guac, but nix the red onion.
A radio wave that changes everyone's brains so they stop being cat people and start being dog people  Because cats are assholes
An all lesbian boy band called Bush League
Like tinder, but for uber.
A service that translates social media/Internet skills and proficiency into real-world social skills so I don't have to be so good at the Internet but so awkward at real life.
An app that interrupts every achievement of your workday with "But is this what you really want to do?"
PanDora - All the Dora you can explore on your mobile device or computer, $5 a month if you want to keep Swiper from swiping.
Drone delivery service for tampons.
an event where people can volunteer their dogs to be in a large but enclosed area (like a park with a set up fence) and then visitors can pay $5 to enter the enclosure and play with the dogs
Hello Kitty 2.0 except this time she's actually a cat
An app that reminds you that not all startups' value propositions begin with "an app that . . ."
Soul regrowing programs for when you need a new soul, stat
An app that allows victims of police brutality to call for help, immediately starts recording video on nearby phones, and guides their users towards the incident.
Insidr: an app that comes up with inside joke suggestions for your obnoxious friend group.
Tandem hats
an app that memorizes where free wi-fi can be found, and then uses phone gps to navigate you to the nearest free-wi.
Like an iPhone,  but bigger.
If Seamless and Tinder had a baby: when you don't know what you want to order you swipe through pictures of food items until you match with a meal that tingles your tummy.
An app that tells you if its just a fart you're feeling or actual poop.
420 Blaziken--a grass and fire type Pokemon that always stays frosty! :D
doomsday device that turns every city you point it at into seattle
a sandwich that will never betray you and all your hopes and dreams by falling apart
Leggings for dudes: meggings? that have room for your junks but don't look like pajama jeans.
Walmart realizes the untapped potential market of pot heads and decides to ditch it's Christian background and sets up an in-store a dispensary.
An Apple product with reasonably priced components
A new Shrek movie
an app that continually makes new x-men movies
Top Gear for spaceships
Plundr: An app for pirates.
Billboards, but with art.
New Jersey, without North Jersey.
baby cigarettes.
A way to search facebook groups for specific posts by keyword/author. Edit: for mobile.
Super Mario, but evil and yellow.
Life, but without the respawn glitch.
Salad that tastes like french fries.
A searchable database to help customers find and procure clothing items, furniture, and decor featured in their favorite adult entertainment films.
Cities that own draw bridges rent them out to people wanting to jump the bridge like in action movies.
An app that tells you which celebrity will die next.
stumbleupon for porn. stumbleaporn. (courtesy of john mueller)
Tinder, for other planets and galaxies.
A weather channel that only shows reruns
A crowdsourced approach to the soul-sacrificing we use to fling our bloodships across the stars to conquer distant lands for the God-Emperor.
A Pill that allows you to sleep for a month so you don't have to wait for a college's decision.
A carbonating backpack: where soda stream meets camelback
Dream paper-it lets you write down stuff in your dreams and it's on your computer when you wake up
Marijuana contacts, but like, the kind you put in your eyes.
a cure for the common cold
A program for undercover cops go to a high school to pose as students to infiltrate the dealers and find the suppliers.
a full album of nine inch nails covering various 90's cartoon theme songs, starting with Bobby's World
send people home from the liquor store with alcohol samples the same way they do at the makeup counter
Portal, with cake.
A reliable weed man
a society where my value as a person isn't measured by my relationships to the men in my life
Porn, for cats
SPit Take: Craigslist, but for snake pits.
An iPhone app that lets you drop your phone, and it tells you whether or not you would survive that fall.
app that tells you approximately how much medical procedures will cost  and how much your co-pay will be before you go through with it
TED talks: a weekly vlog by a man named Ted.
More N64 games
A phone case that makes it look like your screen is already cracked, to ward off trickster spirits.
Frenema: enemas with your friends!
1001: A social media app where every post is a picture and one word caption. Responses can only be one word long.
Much Adu About Nothing: a recycling service for the jerseys of once hyped sports stars who only amounted to disappointment.
a magnet based air hockey table so you can still do coke on the surface
Aiya—Yo for Asians.
Tinder for bees.
Grindr but for all queer people, and especially trans inclusive, and maybe without the sexual undertones. Queerfriendfindr
Halloween, but year round.
Hipstr: deletes a band from all your friends' playlists so you can say you liked them before they were cool.
An app for your phone that looks at your stew and tells you if you have too many cooks
Gritty urban reboots of Agatha Christie's beloved Hercule Poirot books and films, beginning with "$hmurda on the Orient Express"
Mixtape collab with Kanye/Cornell West
Christian swingle the dating site for those classy swingers with christian values.
Hotel Rwanda the musical.
Pocket tee's with a back pocket
Democrat detector
An app that detects emotionally tense moments (perhaps by detecting an increase in heart rate?) and automatically records audio/video for use in resolving disputes later.
A bagel shop with a pneumatic tube right to your kitchen.
App that anaylzes background music and then provides a list of acceptable dance moves.
Minajment: an MBA program for Nicki Minaj fans, taught with Nicki Minaj songs
Turn signals for cars with a variable and adjustable frequency that can be synced up with the music on your radio.
Replace all NASCAR races with podracing.
Laser tag on ice skates in a multi-level ice maze--still blacklights.
Anti-gravity shampoo that never drips down into your eyes.
Destinys child: the spiritual adoption service
Streets named after trees
A petting zoo where you can actually meet Chief Keef's llama.
Kimchi Kardashian: Kim Kardashian-endorsed kimchi
A remedy for bruises, but one that actually works.
a transcontinental subway system, but only for dogs
Big Data for Little Dogs.
Arby's, but doesn't give you diarrhea.
Classes that train your dog to be your designated driver
A chain of law enforcement-themed brothels whose name should be obvious.
reddit, but it makes your posts look super popular.
Pop-Tart Drone Delivery. Two of any flavor.
Skinny genes
Thing that you would never bother to buy, but will just about once a year really really wish you had, of the month club.   Featuring twist ties, postage stamps, D batteries, and twine.
Jamaican restaurant - tabula rasta
Kale popcorn. Popkale.
Like one sentence startup pitches but with a better screening process.
Amygdala removal service
A company that hides surprises in your sausages, called linked in
Like a bidet, but for pizza.
Twitch plays tinder//Tinder Turing Test
Something that tells you if there will be better Steam sales soon or if you should buy that game now.
Necks that don't grow hair
Generate income through the FB group "One Sentence Startup Pitches" based on post/like ratio.
Like twitter, but each post must contain a minimum of 3 paragraphs and no less than 250 total words.
something like this but for any and all men's right activist comments and also it works in real life
restaurant/dance club where u are given pair of disposable overalls filled with spaghetti and meatballs and there's no silverware and food fights are encouraged
Combination laser tag & bowling alley
Misfortune Cookies: They're like regular fortune cookies but the fortunes are horrible.
Fap Fap Revolution: DDR-style game but the controller is a pressure-sensitive dildo.
An organization that gathers all the single mothers in the world and uses them as consultants for whatever "one weird trick" you need
Convert bronies to brownies.
A physical version of buzzfeed that is published periodically and sent directly to your door called a magazine.
Verbal fight club
Thanksgiving dinner but without family meltdowns
A service that sells pills containing random quantities of a random drug: DrugRoulette
A plane to anywhere: you don't know the destination until it lands
A grass-roots think tank that thinks about grass, roots, and tanks.
A million dollars that you can just have.
Sunglasses that have soft frames so you can lean against a car window to sleep without having to take them off
Inexpensive School Supplies
Laser eye removal
A pope-themed amusement park called Holy See World.
Porn, but with actual stars
Free AP Classes for Dogs.
App that analyzes which social media posts you like, comment, click on, etc and then gives you suggestions on whom to unfriend
Something to make it all stop. Please.
Those silly umbrella hat things, but for dogs, because that would be adorable.
Taco Bell, except when you drive thru and they ask how many Hot sauces and you say three, you get three, instead of FOUR MILDS.
Haiku startup pitches
An insurance company without a talking animal.
StripperTipper: A smartphone app that lets you tip strippers with wearable NFC technology that vibrates depending on how big of a tip is made.
The Earth but OUTSIDE the Sun lol
Draw Something but the pen tool is MapMyRun
Uber, but for piggy-back rides
Space, but in my closet.
3d scanning, adaptation, and printing of custom butt plugs
Venture Communism.
A Fleet Foxes semi funkadelic cover band named FOXY FLEET.
a hat that is a slightly larger version of the top of your head
Like braces, but for your penis in case its too crooked
Wearable halal cart
a machine that you can "go into" that moves your limbs and does all the working out / yoga for you
Skittles, but the size of Starburst and packaged similarly
taylor swift music videos but with less tswift and more goats
Napper: an app that sets you up with fellow locals interested in napping companions.
One word startup pitches.
A personal Bill Murray clone for everyone
tinder/craigslist mashup but for food that you don't think you'll be able to eat before it goes bad
A wallet that automatically exchanges stacks of singles for higher denomination bills
Tax brackets, but formatted like March Madness brackets such that they pit taxpayers against one another and players predict the winner*  *Acknowledged flaw: the winner is always Walmart
Illuminati LEGO set.
A way to improve your vocabulary by replacing words you see on the Internet with more advanced synonyms/words with similar but deeper meanings.
A chair you can sit in while walking around
Movies, except every scream is the Wilhelm scream.
weekly community back massage exchange meetings in lieu of religious gatherings.
A service that matches people with excess baggage with people with no checked baggage and pays them a small fee to check them.
A really big ball of sauerkraut that you can put on a leash and take a bite out of when you're hungry.
Meunster Energy Cheese
uber, but with planes: flew-ber ... or lyft-off
A floodlight you mount to the back of your car to give those assholes behind you who leave their brights on a taste of their own medicine.
Tiny dragons that can be used as cigarette lighters.
Rebecca Black Friday, where everything on Itunes is 50% off.
A version of Facebook that is always one update behind so that people who think "the last update ruined it" will join this one.
An app that blacklists you from ordering grubhub more than once a week.
Beats headphones made of beets. It'd probably sound better too
Everything in Back to the Future Part II that hasn't happened yet.
Having kids without the whole 0-21 y/o thing
CHAMPAGNE-FLAVORED TOAST.
a facebook setting that allows you to stop getting notifications from groups where people post one sentence startup pitches
A sweater company run by Dr. Dre and Ice Cube called Knitters Wit Attitudes (K.W.A)
White Guilt Pacifier
One Word Startup Pitches.
Personal missile defense systems
An experimental electronic rock band that only uses battery powered instruments.  The Mars 9 Volta
Umbrella sheathes that dry your umbrella so when you pull it out it isn't a nasty mildewy mess
wine flavored condoms.
Shoes that suck on your toes.
a translator that notifies people whether a post is satirical or not
Mouths, with which we can scream
An app that automatically retracts a sent friend request after three days of being unanswered.
Red wine that's actually the blood of a virgin
An integrated Trans-Continental Rail System in North America.
A facebook app to use on people whose attention you want to get by increasing the amount of you they see on their news feed.
Russia, but with a functional government.
App responds to cat calls by sending goatse to offending party
My Immortal: On Ice.
cancer, but for racists
An engineering degree, without the masochism.
A service that delivers food from any otherwise non-delivering restaurant, from fast-food to the fanciest.
An entire judicial system that is decided by super smash brothers played by dogs.
Chris Pratt in everything, including your bedroom closet, right now.
an exclusive facebook group focused on one-sentence startup pitches for dogs...for dogs
An app that reverses entropy
hairdye that changes colors according to mood, so acquaintances and strangers know when to leave me the fuck alone!!!!
Breaking the fifth wall
those Barbie Jeeps that kids drive, but fuel-efficient and fully grown.
Seriously just read this on AngelList:   "Facebook meets Instagram for Burgers"
Lipstick, but for your asshole.
Dance Dance Revolution: an app that organizes dancing protest flash mobs in front of government buildings and multinational banks.
Everyone gives me money through Kickstarter and I do nothing.  edited for accuracy
Serious one sentence start up pitches for dogs that aren't fucking around
CatanCon: A weekend long gathering where participants trade Wheat, Sheep and Bricks but you have to stand at least two paces away from everyone else at all times.
A shirt that pats you on the back when you finish small tasks throughout the day.
Startup name generator that leaves out consonants instead of vowels
Google Reader
Uber service where the drivers are licensed therapists.
Jumanji. All effects included.
A lawnmower, but a roomba.
An app that really lets you know when "no" means "yes"
A Roomba but for the glass walls of an aquarium.
A company that brings kitties and puppies to the homes of only children  for the child to play with for a few hours per day so they don't feel lonely.
police, but for youtube comments
A service that rents motorcycles for the sole purpose of playing card games.
Also, an app where you can upload a paper you wrote and ask for peer review/ earn "points" by peer reviewing other's papers, with an easy plagiarism check for teachers.
Monopoly, Microsoft edition. The winner has to explain their actions in federal court.
a toe nail cutter that cuts all your toenails in one go
A laser-tag style gun which can be shot at other cars to report rude/dangerous diving; too many shots, and the offending car is safely disabled for a period of time.
A sexy button that makes every situation ten times sexier.
An alarm clock that halts time when you hit snooze.
An app that let's you sell your seat on the subway to old rich people.
An app that lets you scan a room and then tells you where the working outlets are
An app that changes your shoe size to fool anyone chasing you in the snow into thinking you're a yeti
A collapsible/adjustable waterslide that chutes straight from your bedroom window to your nearest wifi-enabled, bathroom-equipped coffee purveyor
A car where the speedometer is inversely linked to the radio - so if you speed up your songs slow down, and vice versa - reinforcing you to keep driving at a safe speed so your music sounds right.
A shock collar that delivers shocks of different severity when you say things that make you sound like your mom/dad
a drink that tastes like coffee but makes you tired instead of waking you up
An app where you can input the location of your window and it can tell you if anyone on the street or in another window can see you clearly
Boner-proof boxers
A cattle prod for when you're on the subway
Genetically engineered pumpkin spice pumpkins
A pill bottle that has a little gadget on it that registers whether or not it has been opened each day, and sends you reminders to take your meds until it has been opened.
Poupon: Where you earn rewards based on how large your shits are.
Paint-on skin so youccan be any race for a day
Wilford Brimley's prenatal decorative pigmentation service: dye a fetus.
Cookie milk: a beverage recreating the flavor and texture of the milk left over after several dips of chocolate chip cookies/Oreos
cumbrella
Kittens that say "u wut m8" instead of meows
Dropbox for smells.
ziplines when trains aren't running (except in the winter. fuck that noise)
A chrome app that changes every name on the internet to your name
My startup will organize LAN parties for grandmas.
HUMAN BEANS
a dongle that allows you to diddle the doodle.
Non-stick pants for heat waves or concerts
Netflix extension that allows you to see who's also watching what you're watching in your area so you never have to binge alone.
Pangaea, again.
Martin Heideigger's cookbook "Bean and Thyme" where he distinguishes between the ontaco and ontacological states of bean.
a weed home delivery service that will expand service as it legalises across the united states
Autocorrect but instead of correcting typos it corrects stupidity.
a pillow that teaches you math.
True Detective except Rust is a dog and all of his dialogue is communicated to the audience through voiceover.
Get off my lawn acoustical device: when those up-to-no-good neighborhood kids are about to trample your lawn, they'll get a blast of Clint Eastwood growling at them
A facebook page where people waste time by pitching startup ideas
A strange game, where the only winning move is not to play.
Everything you touch feels like a girl
Buzzfeed creates a website that writes essays for highschool plagiarizers and gives them titles like "15 things I learned from the wikipedia page about Thomas Edison that will be sure to shock you!"
"Yes," "no," and "maybe" hooks/baskets for all dressing rooms.
A privilege checker for Earthborne Terrans, amirite my fellow Beltas?
An IKEA furnituresharing program
"I Can't Believe It's Butter!"  it's for butter
Going up to a large group of people who are taking a selfie and offering to take a regular photo for them  as a service
You know, the vehicle-in-a-bottle industry has not been disrupted since the days of wooden ships...
A massive fountain that pours out 40 oz of malt liquor every time someone in the world dies
a premium service that lets you speak to an actual damn person when calling a customer service number
Prenups for relationships other than marriages
Acoustically designed toilet that muffles the sound of farts.
Kale.   Kale as a service. As an app. As the cloud. As the future.
highly flexible, scalable, and strategic synergy metrics for enterprise solution providers
A mission to make all of the places Stefan from SNL describes a reality
A swipe-based method of finding/ordering new books to read: Kindlr.
App that automatically responds to dick pics by googling for larger and nicer looking dick pics and sending them back to the dude.
Grill that sears a custom monogram into your steaks/burgers/dogs.
An ice cream company that makes sure the faces on the popsicle look exactly like the character.
online mating
A travel sized version of the popular board game "Words With Friends."
SoundHound for food: it somehow scans the food and tells you if there are allergens in it.
dick pics that you don't need to ask to have sent to you
Weed that isn't loud
Congress, but functional
GIVE ME SYNERGY OR GIVE ME DEATH branded shirts, mugs, bumper stickers, baby onesies...
service: real-life meeseeks who sit your ass down and teach you how to do things so you can't be a stubborn fool and give up easily #nojerrysmiths
a wardrobe genie that stops you from making poor weather-related decisions (i.e. wearing a skirt in 30 degree weather)
App that keeps track of your appointments, bank accounts, bills and responsibilities alerting you all the reasons you should turn down
A Korean cookbook by KRS-One: Return of the Bibimbap
A website where nerds can find nerd friends to play nerd games in their area.
An educational system not based around a capitalist society.
A remake of The Oregon Trail games in CryEngine
Chipotle baby food so you can help your kid learn about good food at an early age
Welfare, but with quarterly drug tests to receive the benefits.
elevators that are also gender neutral washrooms
Uber, but ziplines.
Family plan(e)s, an airline that only caters to families with screaming children
apple chargers that don't break
Jetpacks for helicopter parents
Yelp, for OKCupid.  Yelp, for Tinder.  Yelp, for whole foods.  Yelp, for your apartment.
A chain of moderately priced Italian restaurants for diplomatic negotiations called the Olive Branch Garden.
A watch that tells you you're late when you're in an awkward situation.
Star Wars Rogue Squadron HD Remakes
Plumbr: finds you a plumber, what the fuck else would it be for
"daft punk christmas" - a regular best-of compilation, but every song has sleigh bells
tinder but for people looking for someone to kill them
Pixr- converts a picture of any everyday household item and into a screenplay featuring an anthropomorphized version of that object as the protagonist
TW: Suicide, depression, mental disorders, phone calls.  A suicide hotline that works the other way around: You call a depressed person and talk to them until you also want to commit suicide.
Aggressive corn delivery service
Short stories or informational articles on the back of cereal boxes so you can read that instead of the nutrition facts or the kids puzzles
like food, but without calories
America, but with no history of slavery
A door that, when locked, screams the word "MOIST" repeatedly at anyone who tries to open it from the outside
Shouts "YAAAAAY" when a nearby item is your favorite color
Currency that doubles as toilet paper
Uber, but instead of having to own a car made in the last 10 years in order to be a driver, you have to have a shitty old car.  UNTER.
A device that will automatically start recording whenever someone starts harassing you on the subway, just in case you need your hands for something else.
Alarm clock that plays the sounds of failed dreams and nails on chalkboard.
Defeating gerrymandering by requiring a minimum area-to-circumference ratio for all districts
A show that tests your real fears, but not like fear factor. A more realistic type of fear.  "And then she remembered that she actually DID leave the oven on."
Like iOS, but for an upside-down and backwards world, called SO!
a few weeks ago someone suggested this, and now it appears: a satire label for onion articles on facebook
like "overheard at uchicago" but funny
A sensor that alerts me to the presence of one of my clones within a 5 lightyear radius so I can get the jump on that motherfucker.
Like a human body, but made out of carbon nanotubes instead of squishy flesh.
an app that's kinda like soundhound except it tells you whether someone's British accent is real or not
I'm curious. How did the whole 'for dogs' things become this group's meta?
A way to harness energy from your cat kneading the blanket
dog washing service, but for people
More episodes of "Chopped"
Pokémon Facebook stickers
AirBLT: an app that helps you find people all over the world willing to make you a bacon sandwich.
An app that tells you when you're being racist
Inside joke generator.
An impartial grand jury
An app that removes Photoshop from shampoo commercials.
A plug in for grindr that lets you leave reviews after.
Interlude: An app that helps random strangers in the same general area organize spontaneous public musical numbers.
one word startup pitches.
a focus group devoted solely to deciding which pics to make one's profile pic
The Cosmo Clock: It's a talking clock that gives weird sex tips.
Last minute Uber for calculators in school
Lady Phởrtuna, a phở place that serves a different type of phở every single day.
a laser beam restoring everything that was lost to gentrification in the last 5 years
sparknotes for textbooks
a pocket tesseract for when you need to leave a situation quickly
A way of integrating facebook chat stickers into every day conversation.
Something to make the screaming stop
A standard for all showers to be built with 2 heads so you stay warm on both sides of your body (without getting your hair wet! Unless you want to) .
Idk if this counts as a startup BUT: A museum exhibit of hotel room art through history.
TSA pre-check but for Chipotle
amazon prime rib, providing day-of bistro service in the comfort of your living room
A special font for sarcasm
apple chargers that charge apples, so you can have more delicious fruit whenever you want
THE PIT BUT ONLY FOR THOSE WORTHY OF GRAX'X #GRAXXWORTHY #TIDESOFBLOOD #WHODARESENTERTHEPIT
Á̯͉̗̖͖ ̥͓̕D̶̬̮̫͍̳A̝̮͟Ŕ̦͈̥̮K̦,̹̣͓͇̣̝͜ ̩̻̱̝ͅU̴̘̗̺Ń͓͍͇K͝N͕̣͍̖̲͜O̱̬͇̳͍̯W̫̫͠A̮̲̮͚͙̰̻͞B̷L̳̺̲͕̠Ḙ̼͚͓̻͇ ͚̥V̴͍̬̙̖͎O͕I͚͚̦D͏̮͖̝̮͚̞
we missed the boat
Google translate for literary subtext.
Witter, a social media platform where everyone posts the clever comebacks they thought of five hours too late.
A screen in the back of your car that allows you to say sorry to people you accidentally cut off, can also have an enlarged image of a middle finger when someone similarly pisses you off.
An app that automatically comments "FOR DOGS" on every post in this group.
All modern game shows, except everybody is stoned. Jeopardy, Wheel of Fortune, Family Feud
a high fashion company like versace or gucci put out a line of floaties and life jackets for people like me that are always drowning in the pussy.
A soda machine that can tell when you really need a win, and subsequently spit out two diet cokes instead of one.
Attractive Librarians
An app to rate butts called Keistr
10ft long phone chargers
(High school friend just told me this one) Febreeze and Hanes should team up and come out with underwear that makes your farts smell like lavender, vanilla, fresh linen, or bacon.
Danny Browns laugh in a can.
Beer bong bong: a beer bong thats also a bong ayyyyyy lmao
Pretzels, but not ones that are making me thirsty
A service that holds people who use the phrase "pull myself up by my bootstraps" and all variants hostage until they literally pull themselves up by their bootstraps
socks for cows
put the dmv inside of a coffee shop.
Ru Paul's Drag Race where Ru Paul auditions drag car racers and then dresses them up in drag and makes them race after strutting down a racetrack runway.
BONESAW THE RENDER OF FLESH AND CHEWER OF MARROW BUT WITH MERCY AND COMPASSION #sorry #pleasestoprendingmyflesh
Finals week, but not for dogs, or humans, or any other creature capable of feeling pain.
One Sentence Startup Pitches without the "for dogs" daughter comments
Facebook, but with privacy.
decentralized cryptocurrency that can only go up in value
Pizza, but ALL the pizza.
A gender generator
A spell check for Microsoft Word that knows that Velociraptor is a word.
litterboxes, but like for people
"iggy azalea trash bags----so you never forget to take out the garbage"
A phone that only calls Pitbull
An app that posts your dreams to social media.
Shazam for food. "Wtf is in my mouth rn"
A drug scarf: a scarf with drugs in it that you can smoke or whatever and blow the smoke into that neutralizes the smell.
The Avengers, but with goats.
AirBnB meets OKC, where lonely people can rent out their emotional capacity to narcissistic strangers...
An app that points you to mecca
Robo-insectoids but without my clone-mother's face #missyouclonemom :(
Spreadable pizza, for morning toast of course
An app that let's you dial a ten digit numerical sequence and summon a pizza to your door.
an app
really shitty one sentence pickup lines to see who can come up with the best/worst one here
Casinos tables for Cards against humanities
Luchadorian Gray.
Calvinball, but real
Carnygrams - chainsaw-jugglers, fire-eaters and sword-swallowers that you send to other people, singing telegram-style.
The Earth without Dane Cook
A white hip hop duo that makes extremely left-wing music videos, called Michael Moore & Ryan Lewis.
Thankpieces: prewritten thank you notes to your relatives for holiday gifts that come with lectures on their politics.
A musical where the only song is "Scatman"
A camera that shoots physical Polaroids, but also sends your images to your imgur account
Mint julep jello shots.
a windmill emoji to express the idea of fighting an imaginary enemy
PLUGIN THAT CONVERTS ALL-CAPS SENTENCES TO CONVENTIONAL CAPITALISATION.
Nutella flavored PopTarts....
Ugh, a landlord that doesn't wait till the last possible moment of a pulsar wave to turn on the central radiation decontaminator.
Left-handed shot glasses
Hey = Yo + (Tinder - creepy)
In-A-Gadda-Vegeta.
A red bull keg
Half Life 3
The Wire: The Anime
Shaft,  starring Michael Cera
A bourbon delivery service
Bro: frat party notifications through the Yo! API.
A microwave that plays music while it cooks stuff.
Saw this in a weird outdoor mall today, which allowed dogs. Meta shit
smiley face masks for small-talk encounters
iDeny: Hides any songs marked "guilty pleasures" when someone other than you is using your phone.
An app that automatically comments "for dogs" on every pitch idea
A song by Franz Ferdinand about Franz Ferdinand
Baen Capital, A dating service that promises to make you 150% more attractive or liquefies you at the end of 100 days.
CHRISTMAS, BUT WITHOUT A STRANGE MAN BREAKING INTO YOUR HOUSE AND STEALING YOUR FOOD.
Jokr- app that scans someone's scar and tells you how they got it
The ShawShark Redemption
When you say "I know where I am", your gps should stop giving directions.
An app that sends a small electric shock at anyone who immediately starts singing "Eleanor Rigby" after I introduce myself.
Hollr: an app that tells you when you're being hit on or just having a good conversation
A sequel to Avatar The Last Airbender but instead involving iPhone 6's
Bacon, but made of Lobster.
Humans of New York, but for Kony's. I call it...KONY.
Cats that show love and affection
Doritos 3D, but filled with Guacamole.
Grindr for plants, to replace the outmoded honeybee.
A religion based on the Helix Fossil.  I mean there's already a prophet:
Pornographie, für Hunde
Like Uber but wasps instead of cars
A delivery service that lets you order a home cooked meal from grannies in your area
A restaurant where you cook the food yourself, then the staff eat it right in front of you.
A reality TV show about people whose lives have been ruined by Facebook called Fucked by the Zuck.
You twitface. The ultimate website combination of YouTube twitter and Facebook.
Uber for pocket universes with speeds of light greater than C
An app that uses triangulation to help you locate a friend who also has the app in a crowd.
Scratch and Sniff maps
30 Rock, but on HBO
SNESquik
BootyCall: when your phone butt dials/texts in your bag or pocket, it cancels it and instead sends a saucy message to a list of past hookups
Team America: World Police 2, where they must recruit a hacker named 4Chan to stop North Korea from hacking a second Gamergate.
finals, but without the stress that comes with them having a disproportionate impact on your school performance and by extension your future career prospects
Space Balls: the app
A sitcom where the founding fathers are reimagined as startup execs; tagline: "Give me synergy, or give me debt!"
PocketMuse : Lets you know if your facebook post or tweet is good enough for your Personal Brand
Trail Fix, a device that separates M&M's (or any component) from the rest of the trail mix.
An app that sends facebook notifications to your beeper.
A music app that connects you to people in the vicinity listening to the same song.
Navy Seal copypasta, but aggressively kind and understanding
A universal cure for beer shits.
Love, but where you passionately dislike a person instead of passionately liking them.
Robots, but bound to ethical behavior by a couple of simple rules.
The "Intelligent, Nerdy, Slightly Sarcastic Waitresses in Button-Down Tops and Flouncy Peasant Skirts, Who Will Still Sell You Chicken Wings and Pretend To Flirt With You" Bar and Grille.
Hogwarts for dogs.
Restaurant with Applebee's quality food but 5 star marble/gold heavenly bathrooms complete with people who give you small hot towels upon entrance
Bigger Mini Fridges
Glasses for epileptics that automatically turn dark when flashing lights are detected
One Sentence Movie Pitches: like One Senstence Startup Pitches but for movies
A machine that turns water into whiskey instantly.
A Scribd/Coursehero type website with a database of saved chatlogs/messagelogs from successful (and failed) relationships.
Yo, but for beer:
Call of duty flavored Mountain Dew
Pumpkin Spice Viagra.
Twitch Plays John Malkovich
Slendermon: A Slenderman themed Pokemon.
You push a button, and your genitalia becomes the flavor of your choosing!
The Great Chicago Fire: On Ice
Tandem segways
AirDND: An airline where nobody talks to you :(
Coffee that helps you sleep
Pumpkin Spice Late: A pregnancy test for basic girls.
Body of a cat with the soul of a dog.
A special plugin for Spotify and Pandora that will automatically replace a song that comes up on shuffle with its Weird Al parody cover
Condomed at birth and the only way to take it off is a high school diploma or equivalent
Leonard Nimoy and Crispin Glover in a space buddy cop movie.
Instead of a "Color Run" 5k where you're covered in vibrant and colorful powder, a "Coal Run" where people throw coal ash and coal slurry at you throughout the race
A phone text-predictor that subtly broadens your base of vocabulary through suggestions
An arts careers classified website that refuses to post unpaid internships. (I'm lookin' at you, NYFA)
Unbreakable taco shells
Survivor: Potomac -- 16 presidential candidates are stranded on an island in Chesapeake Bay, and elect one of their own as President following the rules of Survivor
bandages made specifically for the weird parts of your body, like the upper part of your butt crack or the top of your earlobe.
A dating app for arsonists- Cinder
An app that tallies likes from the comments of either side of a Facebook argument.
An Action packed documentary about our 44th president, BHO on HBO.
Service that removes the one shitty movie from the trilogy.
An app that reads everything to you in Carl Sagan's voice
Pants that come off by themselves at the right times
Edible versions of those "Do Not Eat" packets
A supermarket that categorizes produce and baked goods by verb.  Example: Do section. Do-ughnuts Avoca-dos Do-s Equis
Mood-sensing emoji nail polish.
neopets the mobile app
Cops that won't shoot you
Spore, but it doesn't suck
Snapchat, but for trade secrets and material non-public information.
Universal healthcare for dogs.  Odogacare.
It's a switch you can use to turn your moose off and on.
A chocololate fountain but instead of chocolate there's cheese & you can dip tacos & pizza rolls in it
Tomasiswag 4 lyfe
condoms that make ur dick look like a snail
Domesticated miniaturized giant land animals (tea-cup elephants, giraffes, and hippopotami).
An app for the iWatch that translates masturbation strokes/schlicks as vibration patterns, and then sends them out as a message to your loved ones, whose watches will vibrate in sync.
Meat Cone: It's a cone of meat.
Tinder, but for arsonists
A 3D-printer that can print a copy of itself.
Rap chess set: black pieces are black rappers, white pieces are white rappers, black goes first because come on
Bugspray. But the twist is that it actually fucking works.
Poltergeist (1982) remade as a victory movie where Native American ghosts get revenge on white people for building a horrible sterile planned community on top of their sacred burial ground
An app that provides you a reason for turning down.
Uber, but instead of getting a ride someone drives up and challenges you to a children's card game.  Or, put another way... "Like Uber, but only for trips to the Shadow Realm."
Chocolate, for dogs
A martial arts movie set in Staten Island and starring the Wu Tang Clan.
Self serve chipotle (and the meteoric rise of global obesity statistics)
It's like a pony, but bigger.
A company that lets you build your own shoe with parts given to you. NIkea
School nurses that actually nurse.
Ball, but not life
Beer cans that can stack together on their own, for WizardStaff w/o the duct tape
A combination Pizza Hut/Taco Bell/MacDonalds/Subway/Rallys/In-n-Out/Every-Other-Fast-Food place.
A book store open 24 hours 7 days a week with reading tables useable only to read books you bought from the store
Scuber: Uber for when you're scuba diving and running out of air and too far down to make it to the surface in time
A tinder spin-off that lets you filter out matches whose descriptions contain words like "Alpha" "Kappa" "Delta" or any quote from Anchorman or Spongebob Squarepants.
3d porn
A 24 hour recovery center for coming down from drugs or alcohol that is pay what you can and donation based and has daily voluntary rehab groups to help with addiction.
An app that gives you just the essential information to cover up that lie you told regarding you totally having heard of that band your friend was talking about.
Borscht by Dre
Pyramid schemes based around actual pyramids
A GrubHub integration that asks for a side order of "updog" each time you use the service.
Life, but with tactical insertions
The American dream, but possible
License plates required to be your cell phone number so that you can be informed of exactly the level of suck you're exhibiting.
An illegal underground tv show in the Star Trek federation that finds pre FTL civilizations, gives them that technology, and then films what happens.
A service that takes people who don't like dogs and makes them like dogs.
For macintosh, a sustained F major chord plays on startup.
Kill Bill on Ice
The Rappening: hacked nudes of Flavor Flav and Afroman.
Bicycles, but with giant circular saw-toothed blades as wheels, so you can bike on ice and up trees.
Twitch plays Jeopardy
we need bigger pockets if we want bigger phones. cargo pants were ahead of its time.
"It's like four loko, but with heroin and cocaine"
A laser beam that gentrifies everything it touches.
A program that deletes your browsing history after you die
A freudian ice rink.
Slightly caffeinated air, to try to prevent falling asleep at one's desk
wearable marijuana
Countries that aren't America, but without communism
An app that summons a very strong man to carry you from place to place, for a fee: Übermensch
cigarettes but instead of having negative health affects, they imbibe you with vitamins
Dogs, but with updated firmware for the needs of the 31st century man.
TreeBooks – like eBooks, but made of paper so you can burn or eat them after you finish reading them.
A band fronted by Dwayne Johnson known simply as 'The Rock Band'.
A hybrid of quidditch and angry birds, but played in a pool
Cribs, but with David Byrne giving tours of all the houses.
Life Alert for when you run out of toilet paper
A version of Bollywood films starring just dogs called Bollywoof
A single-thought tachyon-powered pizza delivery app to deliver pizza both 30 minutes before and 30 minutes after you order it.
Gumby iPhone 6 cases.
War Stars: The Awakening Force
Grindr for the elderly
Swag for dogs, (s)wag
A service where u can hire people to break in your new shoes.
A Facebook extension that deletes the profiles of Ray-Ban spammers
AirTBD: it'll be a cool startup as soon as I come up with an idea for it.
A social network, but only for 90's kids.
Local social networking app that only works for the room you are in
antidepressant vending machines
Mighty "Morphine" Power Rangers
A device that deactivates your Facebook when your BAC is over a pre-determined limit.
Like an iPhone, but less conceited
uber, but from my bed to my couch
Beer pong, but with quality whisky.
Dogs, for porn. Wait, shit, no. That's terrible. Disregard this post. Why am I even posting it oh dog I mean god what'shappeningpleasehelpme.
App to run butt-dial voicemails through so that you can fully understand what was being said because everyone knows butt-dials are karmic balancers and the dialer is talking total shit about you.
Soap and laundry detergent that are also bug spray so you don't have to remember to put on bug spray.
CSI: Gary.
Cough syrup that doesn't taste like you are licking Satan's taint.
Oculus Rift treadmills that simulate Tom Cruise style chase sequences as you run - with explosions, Russian rogue agents, machine gun fire and an adrenaline pumping soundtrack.
Britney Spears: a weapons franchise for femmes
tinder for black market organ trafficking
a debit card that scans your thumbprint then displays your balance on the card.
Ebola, for dogs.
An actual startup inspired by a pitch here.
A company that makes toilets that are completely silent after 12:00 AM so no one has to be afraid of waking up any family members/roommates ever again.
one sentence startup pitches, but WAY more creepy
uber for sex toys
Uber, but for umbrella delivery.
Like the ice bucket challenge, but instead you get your face tattooed.
A thong with a wire in the thongstrap that generates electricity to charge your USB devices via friction.
Reality, but it sucks slightly less.
Overnight baby hedgehog delivery service
today i wore a canary yellow shirt so that people would know i am completely dead inside
A personal finance app that does machine learning on your purchase history to predict what stupid stuff you will buy today.
An app that inserts DJ Khaled ad libs into your phone calls.
An app that analyzes my Netflix watching to tell me which character to be for halloween
Pacific Rim themed amusement park simulation ride including but not limited to: -the drop -elbow rockets -sword -Australian accents
A firm that employees therapists who are also personal trainers to help you mentally and physically
World Star Hip-Hop, but for kangaroo fights
Pill that removes remnants of drugs from your bloodstream. Smoke an ounce Friday, take pill Saturday (probably Sunday cause you smoked an ounce) take pill, clean drug test result Monday.
Tinder for Airplanes
Law & Order SVU Dinner Theater
Twitch plays DNA sequencing.
Edible birthday candles.
A generator that takes your posts on all social media(s) and reconstructs them into Jaden Smith tweets.
With credit to Noel, Instagate is an app that connects you with others in your area looking for fights.
An app that purges the most inactive member of a group every time it goes from 69 to 70. We need this
An extension that tags Onion, Borowitz Report, the Chive and other parody sites as "NOT REAL" so people don't get freaked out.
Cute undies with their own wifi network that you can connect to
A Swedish rapper named Ludafisk
iPhone charger cables that don't break within 1 month of usage.
A browser add-on that reveals which options lead to which results in Buzzfeed quizzes.
Snapchat, for dogs, because I really want to see my dogs right now
A gritty Klingon Cop Show in the style of the Wire.
Music like the Blues, but for each color.
School that teaches you practical skills
Hollow chopsticks that you can use as straws
DACA, but for parents too
META: Thanks guys for reporting spam posts. It makes it easier for all of us, and allows us to appreciate our multi-million dollar ideas for both humanity and dogs.
A movie where god emperor Nicolas Cage, first and only of his name, must kidnap a sentient time machine to stop himself from stealing the Declaration of Independence.
[Serious] MomsAway: an app to help local moms meet up and do mom things, like jogging, yoga, book clubs, even car pools.
Triple reinforced crotch material so you don't ruin all your pants from your thighs rubbing together.
BitchAlert: A device that beeps every time you are about to say something passive aggressive.
An app that begins to play "Let's Get It On" by Marvin Gaye anytime it senses sexual tension in the area; search radius may be need to be altered.
Facebook stickers, but in real life
A device that allows you to harvest the healthy, life-giving oil from snakes instead of having to purchase the oil directly.
Drone delivery service for condoms.
Google maps, but for finding public restrooms of the selected gender.
Life, but not terrible
Caffeine patches, for when five hour energy is ten hours too short.
Hot pockets that are always the perfect temperature on the first bite.
School, but without school
iApple: An edible apple made by Apple that comes pre-bitten and available in 3 colors.
A youtube series called "Famous Moments in History Re-enacted by dogs."
Communism.
Band-aids for the inside of your mouth that block your teeth from scraping against a canker sore
Seinfeld on Netflix
An electronic wallet big enough to hold my privilege.
ALS Natty Ice Bucket Challenge
A delay on the flush on airplane bathrooms that goes off after you leave and doesn't scare the crap out of you.
An anxiety killswitch
Saving money on ink and paper by embracing scientific portmanteaus, e.g. "smolecules" for "small molecules"
Final Fantasy Football
A trendy dating site called BaeDate
Belgium, but on the Moon.
Jay-Z's Magna Carta Whole Wheat Ale
An extension that automatically detects and skips the "Previously on..." part of episodes on Netflix, because you know, bingeing.
Star Wars video games, but not cancelled.
A TRIPLE DECKER COUCH
Netflix, but for books.
Dogs, but for dogs.
TedTalks from now on only given by someone named Ted.
A Staples-branded "That was Ratchet" button in the hood.
A snarky mode for GPS, which mocks you when you ignore its directional advice and wind up in traffic.
Uber for burritos
Therapy using service bears. Bearapy.
Even, for when you can't.
Turn Down for Butt: pants that silence farts, or autotune them.
A cigarette that kills you faster.
a blanket that doesnt smell like my sweat
fistr, like grindr, but all statistics for users are circumference of knuckles, wrist and forearm
An unburnable American Flag
A Japanese Pizza Hut run entirely by cats.  http://www.foodbeast.com/2014/08/22/japan-unveils-adorable-mock-pizza-hut-run-entirely-by-cats/
Privilege Check: Like a coat check, but for privilege.
KidzBopIt, an app that live translates music and replaces the naughty words with rhymes that are fun for the whole family, without sacrificing any of the tune's fresh, happenin' beats.
Breaking the yik yak economy with supply side yakonomics.
an app that automatically deletes ice-bucket challenge posts that you are tagged in
All bikes equipped with tracking devices for the owner.
An app that allows me to nap while I'm still awake and doing my job at work.
fast casual middle eastern comfort food  Sheikh Shack
Apple Vote - one touch voting with your iPhone
A weight loss center where they induce a coma and you just chill until you hit your goal weight.
Dorito: it's like Doritos except there's just one and it's really big
3D printers that print dishes you can download from restaurant websites.
It's happening! (Reference: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1500321840185061/permalink/1500337576850154/)
like a dental dam, but for bongs
Reservoirs [for] Dogs
A shopping cart specifically for clothes shopping, so it's basically a three-foot tall clothing rack with handles.
A keyboard that can recognize when your cat is walking over it, so it doesn't fuck everything up
an actual gaydar
A club where dancing with someone is assumed to stay at that.
A show called, "High people on golf carts"
a facebook program that lets you mouse over somebodies last name on Facebook to see if that is just a facebook nickname or a real last name
Shazam, but for people's faces
Cards Against Martianity.
app that lets you know when there's the least amount of people at your favorite grocery store
A toilet seat that automatically puts itself down a set time (say 5 minutes?) after you lift it up to take a leak.
white people, but purple
heaven, for dogs.
Any Adam Sandler movie without Adam Sandler
Crutches with shock absorbers.
virtual shit so people can try to eat shit without actually eating shit
Crumblr: a Tumblr about saltine crackers and other fragile pastries.
RuPaul's Drag Race, but on the moon
The synergistic by-product of Tinder and Spotify. Swipe left if this song sucks.
See through pokeballs, so we can finally see wtf is going on in there
Snoop Dogg, but a therapist.
A Skype conversation that doesn't start with "can you hear me?".
Formal wear for penguins
10mg pills of concentrated D-Gold so you can satisfy your daily dose on the go
An essay-writing guide that plays various epic anime samples whenever you pass certain preestablished page lengths
A horn for the moving walkways at airports so you can honk at people who just stand on them.
DreadLock- Locks all phone functions except for calling the number of the person you have to talk to but don't want to
Pandora for video games
An app that acts as a universal remote, but only functions to turn down volume, named "What"
Vegan Guy Fieri
Jurassic Park, but for mythical creatures.
Satan, but good.
Rick and Morty season 2
Like Yik Yak, but for compliments.
a cute bickering old couple cooking you comforting breakfast foods at a benihana-type griddle-table
Tindr for dogs, but for humans. Not sure what to call it.
We prevent farts from traveling up your spinal cord, effectively reducing the amount of shitty ideas by 85%.
A toilet that suggests better meal ideas based upon the concentration and variety of substances flushed.
Downloadable food
Two Sentence Startup Pitches
Bonesaw the All-Ruling, Indefatigable and Sovereign of the Dying Earth but like less of a douche amirite like pffffffffff #chilloutbro
A low cost, solar powered, high altitude drone with a 20mm fin stabilized cannon that exclusively targets grown adults on Razor scooters.
A thing that displays the context next to my head so that when my husband comes over and reads "Porn, for dogs" he's not like WAIT WHAT ARE YOU DOING
A charitable organization that delivers Vineyard Vines and Brooks Brothers to underprivileged kids to get them ready to attend better schools: Prep for Prep for Prep
Super Oreo Bros.: The 1985 gaming classic Super Mario Bros, but with more product placement
World Series of Poker, but with a CGI overlay that makes it look like the Pokemon TCG.
A self-inserting straw of adjustable length that will travel through rooms, paths, etc., to reach the desired beverage
IOS 8 without all the bugs.
Posr: find the optimal lighting and location for your selfie
A dishwasher that puts your dishes away after they're washed
A way to keep those children card games and their holographic 3D monsters off my lawn.
Drive thru window at the grocery store for when you just need one thing.
A device that gives you the location, time and context when someone talks shit about you.
A new, meme-only translation of the Iliad. Feat. Good Guy Greg as Patroclus.
a game show where contestants come on the show and play the 6 degrees of separation game with me because i am kevin fucking bacon
a frasier reboot where he is living off the success of his tv series but has trouble discerning whether he is himself or his character
Windshield wipers that wipe the entire windshield
Google, but like the one NASA uses.
Introducing the double decker couch, so everyone could watch TV together and be buddies!
caffeinated ramen
WIFI routers specifically placed in restrooms.
A "bathroom scale " app that allows you to simply stand on your $400+ phone for an accurate reading of your gravitational pull
An app that hushes you when you start your sentences with 'I'm not a racist but...' or 'No offense but...'
AirBYOB: Planes where you can bring liquids onboard instead of paying exorbitantly for tiny shots of shitty booze
an app that you upload your wardrobe into that checks the weather and selects the most weather appropriate clothing you own
Duct tape, but for broken hearts
An app that is a cross between Pandora and bandsintown/songkick so if you thumb up a song playing it will notify you if the band is having any concerts in the future in your area.
App that scans all of your social networks and provides the best person to be your archnemesis.
A tablet that displays and prints images from your brain, so if you can't draw, you're still able to create pictures and stuff from your imagination.
Uber for wheelchairs, so that you can get wheeled to your classes the day after leg day.
NotOkCupid: plugin that automatically responds to bafflingly offensive dating-site messages with various reaction .gifs that convey amused disgust
App that can detect when you're about to hook up with someone and starts playing Seinfeld bass (aka the perfect litmus test for potential romantic partners).
Family you can rent out for holidays and then return so they don't bother you the rest of the year.
Coco Channel: a television broadcast company dedicated to quality programming exclusively on chocolate
shazam but for actors/actresses shazam but for food shazam but for the childhood memories that made you a sad adult
Rick Riordan's books about gods, but with the gods of Twitch Plays Pokemon
Wifi-equipped cars
The Apollo program, but to Mars
Communication, but entirely consisting of memes
A ghost detective whose sidekick is his own zombie corpse.
Networking not working? Network's not worth its net worth - now work to get new work with the new net worth network!
a subway installation that mechanically closes the legs of people sitting with their legs really wide in the subway
FourSquare for bathrooms: get notifications when your friends and family are taking a shit.
Also a two tower student dormitory at the corner of 55th and University.
an application that translates your professor's lecture into shakespearean dick jokes in real time for the whole class
Hunger games: Soviet Edition (bread lines included)
An app that will let you test run a haircut in various states (wet, blow dry, styled, post coital) before actually getting your hair cut.
Jurassic Park, except involving the sandworms on Arrakis.
Christmas - but Santa is a cat and nobody gets anything they want
Magicfridge: filled with what you want, when you want!
Tuckered Out: a web series about a millennial named Tucker who is extremely lazy and everyone is tired of his bullshit.
AirDNB: an airline that blares nothing but drum & bass during your flight.
An app that you hold over your plate to make your depressing Lean Cuisine look more appetizing, which also includes the sounds of children laughing so you don't feel so utterly alone.
An automatic toilet seat warmer for those cold winter nights.
Google hat: a baseball cap you can pull down over your face and then there's a screen on the inside of the brim and you can network with your friends and watch your favorite movies on your hat!
A cross-platform eyeroll button for all social media posts...with five intensity levels.
They haven't made a Scooby Doo video game adaptation since 2010.
Pron, fro lysdexic gods
Bad ideas, but with potential.
A company that scams hippies by charging premium prices to charge their crystals for them and when they receive them, they stick them on a shelf and return them within a week.
Pancake Fries
app that autocorrects drunk texts into positive life affirming slogans.
a really humid bakery called "The Yeast Infection"
A google maps add on that shows a topographical map of sf so I don't feel like I'm dying when I go for a misguided 30 minute stroll
An ambassador to the Dolphins who's not in the pocket of Big Quarfleezium, am I right, people?
An app that allows you to check-in at bars, and passive-aggressively tell your friends that you want somebody to come there as well.
A dating website, but for cats
Netflix but only Christmas episodes, for when you need a little Christmas right this very minute.
An airplane that doesnt feel like a refrigerator inside
Humpr: Grindr for small neutered dogs.
Vagina Monologues, but for buttholes
Tinder, but it tells you their favorite Smiths song ahead of you meeting them.
like grindr, but instead of one-night stands for gay men it's for lesbians who want to get weirdly attached to someone really fast
An intelligent Yak Bak style device that will automatically provide the right Simpsons quote for the situation.
Snapchat, but multiplayer
AirBBQ because why the fuck not amirite
App that detects both what you have in your fridge/shelves and exactly how depressed or exhausted you are and suggests a recipe that requires the minimum amount of effort for your energy.
Time travel, but without the horrible wait times.
Shade you can throw
A car horn that convinces other drivers you need to get where you're going before they need to get where they're going.
Human Soup for the Chicken Soul
CGI Fridays.
Combination Polling Place and Dollar Shake Day locations
An anime for 50+ conservatives.
getting paid to sleep
the iphone 6, but cursed
Sega, but owned by Nintendo so they make not terrible games
A 3D printer that prints in gelato.
An 8 hour daily train ride that drops you off at home, and you just work from the train the whole time
sex but with a chance of emotions involved
A butter service called "Churn Down For What?"
An app able to tell the difference between hot dogs and legs.
Glow in the dark bread, to find my sandwich in the dark
A pill that gives you a fever so you can stay hone from school and play zelda
A way to charge your phone via bonfire during the apocalypse. Kayla and Alice
A gleejork, for glibglops.
A fashion show for pajamas that I can wear outside without feeling like I'm not doing anything with my life.
Chic-fil-a, but open on Sundays.
Zipzopzoobitybop: Zopzoobitybops when you need them.
A keyboard that powers itself from your keystrokes.
shock collars on all tv talking heads that activate when the person gets too heated so actual debates and conversations on issues can occur instead of a screaming, highly charged circle jerk
A rock band, called "The Band (disambiguation)"
An App that translates your cat's meows into the line from Murakami's oeuvre that most closely approximates their meaning.
Genetically modified miniature giraffes domesticated as pets.
An internet plug in that revels the psychological mechanisms driving any given troll when you hover your cursor over their comments.
a really smart idea that changes a lot of things for the better.
tiny bows for armpit hair
Fantasy football but for corporations. We could call it "the stock market"
Pumpkin Spice Prozac
The Sega Dreamcast, but not dead.
Venture capitalists, for members of this group
One sentence startup pitches. But with two sentences.
This in movie form, or also as a business, and just this. Forever.
BroJobs - employment for cool dudes.
Champagne filled Piñata
A Steroids-mandatory sports league with a broadcasting contract on Spike.
An app which tells you whether senpai notices you or not
The follow up to Hustle and Flow, Hustle and FLOTUS. Follows Michelle obamas midlife crisis as she rises from First Lady to a successful rap career
A bracelet that listens to your conversations and vibrates if you're about to say something really stupid
ZORK for the Oculus Rift. You are in a maze of twisty passages, all alike. It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue
A backpack I can open and take stuff out of without taking it off my back
Singing Condom-Gram.
Amazon Mechanical Twerk™
our people
A Political Publication based at Millburn High School
Panthr: quick, professional, anonymous delivery of live mountain lions to any Manhattan address
Opposable thumbs, for cats.
Bullets that only hit regrets
MY EBOWL-OFF / BOWLING FOR EBOLA 2014 FUNDRAISER IS SO MUCH MORE APPROPRIATE NOW
service that dumps ice cold water for the dehydrated, thirsty fools who try (and fail) to hit on others
Matriarchy
Amazing Race, but all of the contestants have to be ex's
A TV show called Head2Head: it's like American Idol but for freestyle rap battles.
Bralette - the bra with a built in wallet and card holder, for the night when the biddie does not want to be responsible for her own belongings.
Samsnug.    It's a snuggie, with apps.
rings with boxing gloves that spring out and sock catcallers in the cock when they're catcalling
Artisan, cage-free, non-GMO, locally sourced, fair trade, non-hydrogenated, quinoa infused, natural organic kale chips
Gentleman Zoo: where all the animals are wearing little top hats.
Porn, but all the actors are actually CGI Andy Serkis.
A marketing company that can help the Borg change the message from "Resistance is Futile!" to "Assimilation is FUN!"
False Detective
Shark tank without the business expertise
How to "even" for dummies.
Yellow and red cards that you can use to tell people that they're being annoying and to shut up and get out, respectively.
actionable, reasonable, sensible relationship advice
an "i'm feeling lucky" option on google self-driving cars
A highly specific mood ring that gives you book and movie recommendations based on your mood
Food, but for your dog: Dog Food
A used woven leather belt exchange where people of different waist sizes could trade belts because the place where you buckle it always wears out long before the rest.
Movie theaters where each seat has a catheter
A parallel universe to do policy experiments on.
Adult sized lunchable proportions.
app that forces dudes taking up copious space on public transit to close their damn legs
The great American novel, written by an Arab Muslim immigrant post-9/11
A proximity monitor for your computer that will switch your screen to a random word document whenever someone walks by.
Two-pronged tampons that you can use when you have a bloody nose in both nostrils
like Tinder, but for gluten-free parrots
A rally in support of police for all the good things they do for us
A facebook page that pretends to solicit fake startup ideas as a joke but ends up using them and selling the company for Gazillion.
Lucrative ways to get rid of excess alcohol left over after hosting a huge party
Like Starbucks but I don't have to pretend to be excited to drink coffee when all I really want is to pay $3 for wifi and a table.
Mice bucket challenge to raise money for MS
A networking service for white collar criminals.
A movie about "Anonymous", that guy who is always posting rude comments on the Internet.
Crumblr: blog host that can only be used to document a life that is falling apart
free money
Cream puffs, but filled with cookie dough.
A combination hospital / funeral home with slogan "Whatever happens, we've got you covered."
a browser extension that gives you a game over screen every time you scroll down to a comments section
A rock, but chiseled into a circle so that it rolls and can help you pull things.
communism
Messaging service entirely composed of pusheen stickers; also one with a cartoon dog like pusheen.
unit tests that write themselves
a chocolate that makes pills smell like farts.
bringing back clippy to microsoft word
A bar called "Liquid Therapy" full of chaise lounges and all of the bartenders ask "how does that make you feel?" When you take a shot.
MacGruber: Uber for life-or-death emergency situations when you need a complex device but only have household items to make it with.  (SNL reference, for the plebes)
Like the Maroon, but has actual opinion articles.
One wool sweater that changes its design and color every 12 hours.
printers that work.
It's a Trapp : useless social networking app that steals and sells your personal information
Uber for babies — rent a baby by the hour with delivery and pickup, for when you want to spontaneously enjoy parenthood.
Soap that smells like old books.
A washer that is connected to a dryer and once the clothes are done it automatically transfers it to the dryer for you except the delicates, which drop down into a separate air drying chamber
An energy drink that doesn't make your whole body shake and your heart beat out of your chest
It's like Tinder, but for clowns
An App Store that sells completed college applications.
Doge, but for Dogs
Like Snapchat, but for audio recordings of your own harrowing screams of dread and despair.
An app that recognizes when pocket/butt dials happen and then proceeds to play a prerecorded personal apology, or one of yr fav comedian's jokes, to pocket/butt dial reciever.
A combination psychic hotline/sex line, slogan: "where we know what you want"
A doorbell that aggressively asks: "FRIEND OR FOE?"
tinder but for sick college students who want matzo ball soup and Jewish moms whose kids never call enough.....
Drink refills, but for food
A pop punk band comprised of nuclear engineers and hazardous materials specialists: Nuclear Fall Out Boy.
A shirt made of some kind of smart fabric that can change colors to hide whatever you've spilled on it
Blinder:  It's the tinder of blind dates!
Brosé: Wine for Men
FRED talks: inspiring speeches by Limp Bizkit frontman, Fred Durst.
An even-numbered tumblr, so you literally can't odd.
Cigarettes for children.
an app to find you the cheapest cigarettes in your area
More Seinfeld
The Lords of Dogtown, but about a fictional town inhabited by dogs, and where lordship is decided by how well a dog can skate.
Change the scientific name of a group of chameleons to a "Karma."
a painless service that purges all of the booze in your system in less than 5 minutes so you can go about your day hangover-free
grandpa starting a cream cheese company called "pap's schmears"
An app that comments "wow Brusty" on every one of Bryan Rust's posts
A $10 million dollar Leica that reminds you you're a douchebag every time you click the shutter
George W Bush reads you bedtime stories.
A way to interface seatbelts with suspenders so people who are wearing suspenders can be just clipped in at one point and then be totally safe forever!
Remember Muppet Babies? Seinfeld Babies.
APP THAT MAKES IT OKAY WHEN THERES A THUNDERSTORM
A dishwasher with a hidden conveyor belt that leads back to the cabinet where each dish came from.
A site that catalogs abandoned Twitters called 'Qwitter'
A restaurant that doesn't sell anything, called "Just the Tip".
One Sentence Startup Pitches, but WAY less creepy.
iOS app for taylor series evaluation: Taylor Swift
App that takes a great many readings and measurements to calibrate whether or not you are in fact ready for some football.
An emotionally-unbreakable person to whom you transfer all your guilt, regret, and sadness to so that you may live a happier life; the prototype for this project is better known as a "therapist."
Siri, but Kim Jong-Il
A common app for grad school applications
"Schindler's List II: Schindlerer"
boxer briefcase
TransLoc: a hookup app for the non-cis.
a 24/7 bagel delivery service
Kerbal Space Program with real rockets
Israel's Iron Dome, but for pigeon sh*t.
peanut butter on your crotch, for dogs.
a remote-controlled chip in your brain that makes you fucking sleep when you need to
A one-piece suit  http://www.betabrand.com/mens-business-suit-onesie-hybrid.html
A vegetable themed dance club called "Turn-ip"
Boat shoes that actually let you walk on water.
Sleeping pills with built-in "waking-up pills" that trigger after a specified time
A book that explains why we have to eat dinner in the middle of the afternoon on Thanksgiving
Hubrs, an app that lets you know you're not that clever, and tells you to shut up and do all that work you aren't currently doing.
An app that floods your newsfeed with One Sentence Startup Pitches posts.  Oh wait.
Unsweetened, alcoholic root beer.
An app/website that lets you play drinking games with strangers (someone please actually make this).
Nothing Butt, a one stop shop for all your butt plug needs. - Matt Shanahan
Rentable Lego Sets, for the people who just want the thrill of building a set, and not having the pieces.
Too Many Cooks MMO
LaidOver: Making your business trips a bit more pleasurable.  (I've already done some early-stage development...if you have experience in graphic design and/or mobile app development, let me know!)
Black Eyed Peas/Guardians of the Galaxy crossover called will.i.am.groot
The Magic Hate Ball: for when you despise someone but can't come up with a good reason on your own.
A gun-shaped fleshlight covered in bible quotes.
An app that analyzes your preferences and then reproduces exactly the smell of your late grandfather's pipe smoke wafting towards you over a freshly trimmed lawn;  We call it AdultGrandpaFinder.
an app that translates your cat's strolls on the keyboard into essays
Freeze-dried IPA for backpackers: just add river water
Airplanes decorated like a spaceship on the inside
Perhaps some sort of death clock...
Like an iWatch that isn't terrible
A device that straightens crooked dicks.
An app that summons Nicolas Cage whenever you are stuck trying to cast a role in your upcoming film.
Sitcoms without laugh tracks.
a roomba that is also a snare drum
A hot tub but for pizza
a park underwater when you can walk your fish. (swim your fish)
Stumblr: Your friend tripped and you didn't notice. But Stumblr did. You are sent a text notification. And then you laugh at them.  ($1.99, iOs only)
Little girls, but with CHEMICAL X.
instead of barking, dogs speak but only in Kanye West lyrics
Underwear that doesn't need to be washed
"let's make the theremin trendy."
TED tokes
Bagels made of vegetables
Falafel Donuts
YOLO, for cats: #YOL9T
Chop't meets Chipotle with the Blend-a-rrito!
A rumble pak for your computer, tablet, or phone that makes it vibrate when your content generates buzz.
90s boy bands, but they have to fight each other
An app that gives all callers a turing test before allowing them to talk to you.
donating your body to scientologists
USB vending machine safes that scan and shred dollar bills, converting them to digital currency (like a temporary credit card).
An app that repeats "It's not your fault" in Robin Williams' voice any time you mess up.
Fantasy fantasy football: An online competition where players draft teams composed of fantasy football players and attempt to have their team earn more points than other teams.
Pokémadden. Because combining two of the most successful video game franchises ever has to go well.
A location tracker for beef that shouts "There's the beef!" when you get to the deli counter.
Killin the buzz: A shock collar for humans for when you're being the worst
PSL: a variant of BASIC for white girls in North Face jackets and Uggs who want to get into programming.
An extermination service named Deadmau5 in which they deliver their kills wearing tiny Deadmau5 masks
Like Planet Earth, but with David Attenborough replaced by Woody Allen.
Dating website with wiki-style open edits to profiles
a hallucinogenic drug that you can turn off whenever you feel like it (ie when you have a bad trip or run into your boss)
a couch that turns into a chair when you don't want anyone to sit down next to you, okay steve?
Tinder^2, an app to find nearby procurable firewood.
Food stamps, but for drugs
An app that rates all nearby bathrooms on overall cleanliness and popularity, as well as a feature to mark stalls that have been bombed or that are in superb condition.   We'll call it Shit-tacular!!
Playboy, but the people are having sex and it's a video posted on the internet
Shibeoleth: an online single sign-in system for dogs.
A poppy seed bagel with poppy seeds that actually stay in place while you eat it. Christ.
An attachment for cash registers that tells you how much residual cocaine is in the register.
Yoga pants for men that make your dick look ten times more attractive
Edible, flavored chalk.
Like Crazy Frog, but it's your dad.
A movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe with Nic Cage.
Four dogs
Wikileaks 4 preteens
A plugin that removes autotune and melodyne so you know what to expect when your favorite shitty emo bands play live.
Tubr: a potato delivery app
Humblr: An app that sends you photos of all the people you've disappointed in life at regular intervals. (iOs only)
A TV Show where people who submitted stories and poems (ESPECIALLY poems) to "Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul" have to read them again, out loud, ten years after they first wrote them.
Nicki Minaj snake farm.
A first person shooter game, where you control a well meaning evangelical next door neighbor to defeat zombie-like creatures in post apocalyptic Springfield: "Left For Ned"
An app to fast forward past the tense and painful parts of family/friend/relationship conflicts to the productive conversation part.
Self Estmr- shows you pictures/stories of people doing worse than you when you feel shitty.
Twitch writes a novel.
DVDs and Blu-Ray discs that, when placed in the player, just play the stinking movie already!  Parents would pay millions for this feature!
A restaurant founded by celebrity Tom Cruise that exclusively serves couscous - "Cruisecous"
A personal-tracker app that sends you a message every 6 seconds asking how happy you are (requiring user input) and graphs it.
Breast implants for squid.
An internal combustion search engine.
An Instagram disclaimer which states "You are not a photographer and you will never be one."
TieMeUp: A service that finds nearby BDSM enthusiasts to tie your neckties for you.
Caffeinated nachos.
A harmonica that is also an asthma inhaler.
PBR, but not owned by Commies, and not for hipsters, and not bad.
An app that lists all the food sources in your area that are less than $10 for a full sized meal
Combination fast food restaurant and sexually suggestive workout equipment called the Steak and Shakeweight.
An app that loudly states which Dan Brown book the person stating a "fact" about Popes or the Renaissance actually got said "fact" from.
An escort service where I get paid hundreds of dollars to let able-bodied people condescend to me, "help" me with things I don't need/want help with, and ask me personal questions.
Someone who will do Gregorian chants to help you fall asleep for a nominal fee
A device that lets you taste the food on the menu instantly before ordering.
social justice warriors: the tv show, only in the style of Power Rangers or Captain Planet
A way to tell if someone is misspelling a word that they're speaking out loud.
Colors, but for dogs.
A privacy screen for mobile devices where instead of your screen, shoulder surfers see shock images.
PggyBck: Uber, but for piggy-back rides.
Dogs where you can lick their face too so the whole thing doesn't feel unreciprocated.
Cool freaks Wikipedia Club, but with good moderators.
Yeezus, but a popup book.
Fresh Fruit: Snarky produce that back talks when you attempt to eat healthy.
shrimp that screams as you eat it
A business that rents out hype men to make your shitty life seem a little less shitty.
a ball pit but filled with drugs and alcohol
A metronome which speeds up or slows down its pace depending on how fast or slow you're playing.
Like science deniers, without important positions in government.
iPhones that open the camera app way quicker when you need to take a picture of a really cool raccoon
A glow in the dark toilet so you don't have to turn the light on in the middle of the night
bathing suits that let UV light through so you never get tan lines!
Islam, for dogs
taking off your pants, but for your arms.
Legal advertising for illegal products.  Just imagine driving down a highway and seeing an ad of a big happy nuclear family smoking weed.
A in-home maid service cleans your house while wearing checkered printed clothes, suspenders, doc martens and fedoras and playing brass instruments.  "Pick It Up Pick It Up Cleaning Services"
An iPhone app that provides third-party confirmation for your claim your joke or comment "totally wasn't racist".  The paid edition will tell you exactly which group you weren't being racist towards.
cookie clicker but you win real cookies
Pandara: create algorithmically curated streams of panda pictures.
A disposable handheld vacuum for when you gotta get some nasty shit up and know the vacuum is forever ruined
shazam but for basslines you hear coming through the walls of your apartment building
A movie about the Navy Seals, but one where somebody actually recites the entire Navy Seal Copypasta
lyft, but you are literally lifted by some dudes who lift
replace the united states' current form of democracy with one based on rap battles
Popcorn without the kernel husks that get stuck between your teeth.
A remind-me bot that I can use on controversial statuses so that I can return to them the next day and like all the posts that agree with me/ignore the rest.
North America, without Canada.